Keeping the secret of genetic testing
What is genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting the disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chances of developing the disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
The opposite is also true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
However for some rare disease , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we were diagnosed out of certain genetic diseases , are we supposed to disclose this result for our relatives ?
My answer is no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger caused frightening affect on our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain diseases , their altitude will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted with worry about these problems .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can go through these processes in the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercise is helpful to families potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members get this disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who was found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease have an ethical obligation to disclose that fact in his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , require someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk for family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known to others , it is OK to disclose the results .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
After all , what affecting one family may or may not affect another although the family has a common genetic make up , shares of either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know about the genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , in his or her relatives is solely a matter of preference within the individual moral system .
The issue of right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one could not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parent - his maternal and paternal uncle , aunt or cousin .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurrent has the knowledge to others .
This knowledge maybe relevant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Do one who suffers from this disease kept it a secret to inform their relatives ?
In retrospect , its is also one duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic health checks on their own .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the patterns of communication .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered by : a son or daughter for example , the parent who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence of being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within the family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information from any offspring , either adults at risk .
In addition , the woman tested positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information from relatives who need to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuaded those in authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she was not at genetic risk herself while the aunt was .
From the practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if laid constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views on family relationships , or in which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and to whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic contexts .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who might benefit from such information and assist those at risk in making considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relative or not greatly depends on the personal morals and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is for them .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives are found to carry genetic risk , it is good for the patient to tell his/her close relatives of the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her family members were able to perform some daily excesses to prevent a potential disease or they may go to hospital and checked for the corresponding flows .
In my opinion , although the annoyance of carrying a genetic risk involved the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue of his or her relatives in order for them to prevent a potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
Focus on the negative side to the annoyance of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with a genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as a genetic risk may indicate their high chance of carrying certain diseases .
Especially for the young people without marriage , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not for certain .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouse would help the relationship .
Secondly , announce the potential risks would cause a family member to be scared of this certain issues , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus went to hospital and do additional checks or taking more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creates unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the nuance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance of getting the potential disease .
On the other hand , if a genetic risk being kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impact on the family members and relatives .
First , in the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell his/her spouse they may carry certain genetic risks that may affect their offspring .
It is better to let the other parties know the facts than after the baby was born and certain types of genetic disease is found .
It is good for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the bear gene together with their daily habits .
For example , if the carrier was told that he/she has the risk of having diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candy and chocolate to prevent intake of much sugar , and at the same time , if the carrier told this information to the relatives , it would be useful for them to know that they might have diabetes in the future because of related genes and they can perform the same exercise in intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties do not know , they may end up with to have diabetes in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk for the carriers relatives overweight the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent a potential disease through daily exercise .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
It is a long time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by genes .
From the legal aspects , the answer is no but about the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make the law to push the carrier with a known genetic risks to tell his or her relatives of his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone has what kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privacy protections belongs to one 's human rights .
If the law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also include the fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders .
It is unfair to release the law only point to a genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems against the execution of asking the carrier to tell his or her relatives the cause of his or her disease .
Firstly , what is the range of the relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibility to have such kind of disease .
How can a law making by government exempt such a group of people to prepare to face their potential disease ?
However , in an ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself for herself , he of she should have a feeling of responsibility to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
It is because the carrier with bad genes may not necessary have those genetic diseases , if they can have corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function becomes stronger .
A typical example is genetic cause hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which makes the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt on blood which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertension after they became adults .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibility to get hypertension .
They can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't pushed genetic problems carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives in his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , less for his or her beloved ones will suffer from a genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect the illness or disease and even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for the carrier with a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk is to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives would be disheartening upon having the knowledge of it .
Therefore , some carriers will have an opinion about keeping it as a secret .
This essay will discuss with whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
Some say that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her condition .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she may not wish to inform the relatives as he might end up dishearten his extended family .
Some will wish to keep it for themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring about any pessimism into their family .
Furthermore , some would wish not to become a burden on anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some see it as being considerate of keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it would be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency to get the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stages .
Hence , with the knowledge to have genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them from realising it at an earlier stage .
In conclusion , it would be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic diseases to the relatives .
Although there may be a lot of challenges along the way to seek medical attention , such as financial issues , everyone should be given the right to know their family 's inherited medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
In addition , some may think that even known to have genetic risk of the disease , it will just add on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities to cure or prevent it .
Genetic testing is a personal decision , with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic diseases should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it would cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
For the genetic risk carriers , there should be choice given with regards to inform his/her relatives .
There should not be forced or obliged to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom in decision making .
If a genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision to inform the relatives should be made to the consideration of the patient parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorders due to their young age .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patient itself could harm the psychological state of the affected families .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could cause a stirring of unwanted event for the patient or a family member itself .
Some families may feel hurt , with regard to their family pride or reputation , for having the knowledge of such genetic disorder runs in their family .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There may be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards a genetic disorder .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and similarly undergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorders are benign would be beneficial towards their emotional thoughts .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically in the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decision .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is being made known to them .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospects of a genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent on the situation and background of the affected families , with the liberty of choice given to them by making the decision to inform others .
A person with the disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be aware of his or her family .
When things come from genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation to generation , but not all of the offspring showed the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes the families of potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflected any observable disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or normal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is to reveal the problems of his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms reflecting on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert on their bodies ' condition .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives in the risk , that will be more complex .
One might think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family on the issue .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk of becoming a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherited from his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilemma .
And of course , he or she will think about not having any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousins as well .
As a result , the family generation stops at the moment the adult carrier announced his issue .
In China , the older generation of traditional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
The reason behind is that after WWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encourages the people to give more births .
During that period , if one of the family members reflected genetic disorder symptoms , he will fall by an ethical dilemma for sure .
The medical treatment technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He had to choose whether to protect his family or making his family more prosperity to a potential generic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth is mined forever .
This kind of ethical issues could not be judged on the other because they will not understand the positions and duties of the carrier in the family .
In concluding , people should think carefully about what are the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issues .
It is an obligation for the carrier to inform his relatives , but also the obligation of a family member to liven up the family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives in it .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
By telling of his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problems that she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have in our family is a big pillar of support for the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it would be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family members might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problems , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it would be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out of the society .
For every action there are always pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worried and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized for them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lot of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden on her family .
I could understand the feelings of the carrier .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness with the family .
However , we will never know whether this negative effects will happen when the carrier decided to tell his or her family in the his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is good for the carrier to inform her family members of the issue .
The carrier should be honest about his or her feelings and I find that it is the right to a family member to know what is going on in his or her life .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret for their life if she left without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problems with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling with your own .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patients who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved ones .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our minds healthy and strong , we can fight any diseases as they come to us when we were fragile and weak .
As the technology has been advanced , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggered some ethical dilemmas in relation to the actual use of the technology .
Genetic testing has been making possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used in a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situations worse to reveal who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether the carrier with a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe that he or she has right not to know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Of course , some people might do it to make their future slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the test , can choose not to go to the test and simply lived by unknown and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live with the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as genetic testing is not possible .
It could rather be better for him or her this way .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled life and make them suffer from real-life .
I personally think this is he right purpose in going through a genetic test , so that the family who could not afford to have a disabled kids do not have to give birth to their child and making the entire family suffers .
However , I believe that the carrier has right not to obligated to tell anyone but has responsibility to take the action to prevent any ethical dilemmas .
If the result turns out something that the carrier could not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
I believe that even the carrier has the right not to know the true facts .
After realizing the he or she is the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly caused a problem with the family due to the facts and creating more unhappiness int the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carriers to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and take the appropriate action on the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorders and accept the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome a disability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emotional stress .
Debates have been around for years , that should the carrier with a known genetic risk is obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individuals at risk for the disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed by others , especially close family or relatives , is a topic that worth discussing .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of views on any carrier to that known genetic risks to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcomed us with this new world .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
Hence , they should be the people are grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
However , in a case pertaining to any health issues or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seem no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
As the case of health issues are related to genetic risk , with keywords for " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder in the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated to a carrier of known genetic risks to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raised up in the future .
Despite one might argue that it 's still up for the individual to disclose such health issues or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , in a proper discussion about solutions .
By doing so , one would feel less stressful to face such disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier with a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , as the genetic risk might pass down to next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
It is therefore I would agree with the obligation to tell the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan to give birth .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the standing of informing the relatives once the results are known after the tests conducted .
In conclusion , in order to avoid a family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier to known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of doing so was able to outweigh its disadvantages .
More support must be provided through different means to give better directions when one is standing for such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individuals at risk for the disorder .
This is the common law of the society .
However , it leads to a new problem that " should the carrier with a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of point of view among the people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of an issue which is " should or should not " .
Firstly , I believe most of us would agree with the sentence below : " I will be anxious about my family when he or she tells me that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Frequently , the intention of the carrier does not want to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious for families .
It is obvious that there will be good for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenge oneself .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against by a demon .
Demon was not easily to be defeated and it is required much on energy and psychological support .
Families gives you the courage and support which you could not retrieve for yourself .
That is the most essential element to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of a known genetic is very serious that it could not be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
Lying on a bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we can not imagine .
Families are our dear in our lives .
Without their concern and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
They play an important role in our lives which could not be substituted .
A known genetic risk could also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital would not tell the carrier 's family without the agreement by carriers .
It is the ethic of staff in hospitals to keep the secret to any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable for the undesired consequences .
However , hospital can provide the council for advice the carrier of the action can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances will not be happening again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , the carrier with a known genetic risk are encouraged to tell his or her relatives in the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special cases that are hard to be defined .
Thus , advice on hospital plays an important role in this .
Carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interests and the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances of the carrier and families in the future .
With the risk of being genetically disorders , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that was diagnosed with is a genetic risk carrier faced an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives in the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier was diagnosed .
In the view from my point , the carrier with a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth on others .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy for carriers .
They may do not want this truth to influence their lives or wanting to keep it as a secret and did not others know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth about being the carrier may make them be discriminating or sympathize with others which were not positive factors brought to their lives .
Secondly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach the doctor to consult with it .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a troubled , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives would be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
This obeying their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which might make their following life miserable .
Many people many argue that setting an obligation may help more people , who is a relative of the carrier , saving their lives in a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors including psychological influence , social influences , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative was told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have been scared by an unknown life , partners , spouses and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which meant a relative 's life may be ruined .
On the other side , as stated above , the people who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the results can choose to do a genetic test individually .
In a nutshell , the carrier with a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted at the point of human rights , freedom of acceptance by relatives as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion about their relatives .
For the carriers of genetic disorders to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
I agree that the carrier with a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people do n't had to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically for action to reduce the chances of it was inherited by offspring and , mentally if the action failed to prevent it is inherited .
Many syndromes such as Down syndrome and Taylor syndrome can be prevented from happening if the mother undergo proper medication and did n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't told her relatives regarding her condition .
More people ( relative ) know her problems , more information channel is provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family had to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not a parent 's fault because there are still chances of a gene is inherited .
So , they have to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases cost highly in the treatment and medication .
Albinism is one of the examples .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment .
Unlike people with high proportions of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wear sunscreen on outdoors , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication costs are very expensive .
To prevent a bigger problem from happening , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of the disease is sickle cell trait .
Usually people are not aware if they carried the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blocking .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy about it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental boost to their children with genetic disorders .
When their children became teenagers , a lot of social problems might arise .
People and friends often mocked for your condition .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from a close one .
If not their family then who else that is willing to do that ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepared their mental first to disclose the information about the probability that their children may suffer from a genetic disorder .
In this modern world , the technology is improving a lot compared with the last century .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which are used to diagnose an individual at risk of a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk of a genetic disorder can make a decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once the test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma was born .
The question is whether the carrier with a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier with a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives in this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members were at risk of a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost an equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk of a genetic disorder , how could this explain their rights ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk of a genetic disorder but he did not tell his sibling , James for this .
Although tells James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what would be likely to be going on for him .
This may be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having a similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders in affected themselves .
Genetic disorders is innate , but the great improvements in medical treatments makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder by themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quoted the statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that prevent the disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help to diagnose a genetic disorder of the people , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorders possible .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who aware of having such disorders could prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least have exercise for 30 minutes every day .
To sum up , the carrier with a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
Nowadays , the study of the genetic field has gone further and further due to a high-velocity technological advancement .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorders , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stand on whether it was a patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the results of his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth about their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the lives of other people .
To the whole society , it is the duty .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore include students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers at the office as well as passengers on the street was forced by law to take their temperature and report the results of the relevant government authorities in charge .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
How can they not told their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusted and loved each other in no doubt .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members of the risk of their genetic disorders both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' lives are no better than death .
Family members , as one a close group of people with whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible trouble as a result of genetic disorders .
A study of New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care of professional nursing .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to the family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panic which would endanger the family harmony .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more troubling that the family has gone through together , the great bonds will be established between the family members as well as a great amount of trust , love and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believed in each other and love each other ,all these troubles are just testament to make them stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you makes you stronger .
Being in Asian societies where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives in his or her disease .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it was a person 's genes that are affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wanted to share the information with .
Nevertheless , while I fall that the carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives in the genetic risk , I would like to suggest a person with at least share the information about her or his potential partners ( husband or wife ) since an individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Many people in our society is not well informed about many genetic disease and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiated those who have genetic disease since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
This is because many related genetic disease to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic disease .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives to him have a risk of a particular genetic disease .
It is normal for people to demand for a fair and similar treatments as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues for themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to a person whether he wants to share the information to his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
Especially when it was just a risk , the option is really his since he was not the actual sufferers .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members of the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be the case .
May be we can trust our immediate family members but can we really trust all the other relatives ?
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to a person 's call to tell the relatives of it .
However , as I said earlier , it is good for the people of at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partner since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged on the other parties before they made the decision to get married and have children .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they were born .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
This piece of information do play a role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk for anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partners .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice was his because it is his own genes and he has the full rights to it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judge people or may result in making his family worried for nothing when thinking about whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he made , we need to respect it and we have no right to say that he must tell his relatives in it .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With the improvements in technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
Genetic referred the chance of inheriting the disorder or disease .
Therefore an entirely new dilemma was born : should the carrier with a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with genetic risk .
The child of genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family of the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
They may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those are not able to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
The situation may become bad if the child had diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
Not only the child but also an entirely family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain of the entire life .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they had been a carrier of genetic risk is in the nation 's goods .
There are always newspaper reported that a new born baby has been abandoned in hospital after they realized the baby had disease that need a huge amount of money to secure .
For a country like Singapore , they are short on manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year the government had to spend a lot to help the disabled such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing numbers of disabled in the nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing in other ways like military and education .
As citizens of the nation , they have a responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospitals every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support for the theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religion .
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their lives if they have to stay in hospital everyday and for all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make the right decision after they had been informed .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happened .
I think the carrier with a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when the couple was going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
The results were disclosed by husbands and wives .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carriers are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reducing the cost of multiple testing .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If people have the disease C that might be the result of genes A .
He ran a test and know that he had the gene AA .
This means both of his parents had gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. if he ran a test and know that he had the gene Aa .
This means one of his parents had gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease could some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However , this can also be achieved by personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives , if there were no serious consequences of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relative to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that come across when they disclose their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results of their relatives .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives , he or she may be discriminating about those who do not carry this gene .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or had children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very serious disease .
After he took the test and was obliged to tell his relatives , everyone knows that he is a carrier .
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They may consciously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
If the gene runs in the family , one of the family members tested positive , whom does he need to tell .
If that is a big family , was he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationship , if people A told his family that he had this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousin had this disease .
However wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who liked to gossip about her way to the theatre .
In less than a week half of the town knows people A has a risk gene , and his family might be a genetically risk families .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
This is the potential consequences if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to be a potentially large group ( relative ) .
In conclusion , the carrier with a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Carrier with a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own lives but also a good development for their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decisions to take genetic tests so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which could affect their next generation .
The debatable question , the ethical dilemmas , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility to tell family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generation .
The awareness of your relatives and family for your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibility that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't underwent a genetic test , it 's just odd and fate of what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you could not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checking regularly .
Therefore , told the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevented from getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generation of telling the truth that you are a carrier of the genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gave birth to a baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being a parent , you are not responsible for you next generation , since you allow the genetic risk of being passed on from generation and generations and be aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth about your wife and relatives , you offer a chance on whether to have child or not .
And if you still decide to have a baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfect and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing for the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone a genetic testing and is aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations about telling your relatives and family the truth .
To tell or not to tell
Consider the case , we decided to undergo genetic testing and has known the result of it .
We found that we actually is a genetic risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There is really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole lives .
As a result , what should we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we found we were carried this genetic risk , it is good for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keep a good mood .
And it is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , the good habits they will arise and good for the rest of their lives .
What 's more they may undergo genetic testing as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also good for them .
However , some people may argue that why we want to interfere with their lives ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relatives come tell you that actually there are some possibilities that you might encounter some diseases in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
At the same time , there will also be chances that a genetic test results were not correct which means they are actually waste their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
Personally I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this would really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that although we might affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It was only after we told them will they start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give the birth of a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their babies to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo a genetic test or not .
Maybe after we told them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carriers should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open about his or her relatives have caused social extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of the carrier with a known genetic risks to tell his or her relatives in his or her actual situation .
This essay will illustrate with two aspects .
First of all , it can be an alert to the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics of their family members .
Once one person in the family were found to be carrying risky genetic , other members of his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the disease may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling the relatives of the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and saving much time for proper treatment .
Sometimes lives may even be saved if they were told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic diseases passed on the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse knows about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refused to tell the truth about his or her spouse , another life may have risks of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story on newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son of 5 years old .
Their sons unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying a genetically disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
Therefore their son was inherited a genetic disease .
However , the wife actually had already known about the genetically disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
The son was dying after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
If the wife had not hind the truth and ask for doctor 's advice before they have babies , the tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , the carrier with a known genetic risk has a responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible diseases they might have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease in the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic test .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problems .
However , I think that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons as follows .
Firstly , the information concerns about the genetics is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card key .
Other people should not be told without a person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is told by other people .
They may know the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may set a biased on this person even abandon his or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their genes , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
So I think whatever the genetics is or whether the gene is matched by their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier with a known genetic risk might destroy the peace in the family even broke the relation between children from an adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have a relation with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barriers appeared which will truly destroyed the family gradually .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love for the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompanying of a child .
The children rely a parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thanked for their dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of a broken family due to the carrier with a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology to test the gene is not very mature now .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing .
If the wrong testing was not found by a doctor , the family and the children may be sad and has a struggling life for their whole lives .
Therefore I think a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , in the peace in the family , I support that a known genetic risks should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
A carrier with a known genetic risks should be obligated to tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illness is discovered to be related to some genes in the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry the disease on their genes after they have done a genetic test .
If there is no problem , that would be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassed by a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all in one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same gene in some parts .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy about or be afraid of .
If the people tell their relatives that he or she carries the disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get the disease gene .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease to occur .
Also they can prevent the disease goes to their offspring .
If the relatives carried that disease genes , they can share the experience for him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others on this issue .
If he or her not getting married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carry disease genes .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of a doctor .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have an unhealthy baby and may cause the death of a baby or end of their marriage .
There is a story I watched on TV .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what is the problem .
After coming back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried the disease gene so that they could not have a baby in their life time .
The woman did not know the test results , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce with her husband .
After getting a divorce certificates , the man showed her the test report ; it written that a woman carrying the disease gene instead of a man .
At that time , the woman knew how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People could not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they bore in .
However , they can avoid the disease genes is inheres in their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bonded closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for the disorder .
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell the carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impact of the risks still exist , the consequences will be significant if other members of his or her family did not know .
Then they were unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparation .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she was famous but she still reveals the truth about her genetic testing for the development of her breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side of hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , the carrier can suffer tension within the family because the results are also related to the others ' risk somehow .
However , I believe it is just the usual reaction to this situation .
In addition , though it could be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people could face more dramatic tragedies such as sickness or death if they could not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard but people can not blame it for being unfair .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Furthermore , living in a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situation with other relatives became worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it was revealed , more shocking and upsetting it will be .
As a result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling a genetic test results are needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , told the results of your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy for each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives could overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in a nutshell , I believe that people should have an obligation to tell their relatives in the genetic test results for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their families .
In addition , emotional preparation and the way you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information about your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
The Impact Of Social Media
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
It is almost impossible for us to keep way for it .
I started moving into Facebook one year ago,when I just arrived Singapore .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundreds of seeds every day .
We know each others ' status , enhancements and so on through the social media .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seeding and tag our friends to inform this kind of enchantment .
And if you are not in it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking through the phone since it is free .
We discussed every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also get more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And also , we get a chance to talk about public people like popular stars and know their lives better .
In China , a lot of government organizations have opened blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
Social media allow them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people getting lost and so on .
With more convenient and humanitarian communications , the relationship between government and people get largely improved .
What 's more , various of culture can be shown to us through social media .
We can know more news and culture through social media .
From this scope , social media has shortened our distance .
However , we get less chances and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convenient , advanced and interesting .
And even we gathered together more people find themselves having less topic to talk than before and chose to dig in their social media again .
When we are far away , social media make it as we are in front of each other ; sometimes when we are at each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people showing their pictures of yummy food or travel experience .
To some extent , this makes our lives more luxury and blunders .
For myself , I was long in some places after I saw those beautiful pictures taken by my fireweeds .
Sometimes I even cannot sleep well because of excitement .
Social media make our lives patten so fast and leave us less time to think about our lives .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more about making it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills required practice .
Besides that , these skills required time to develop and adapt .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media .
While millions of users are connected to any one time , any information can be readily available in their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the user .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we used to have them for hardcore previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
The receipent,will then received the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This convenience can be perceived as almost in real time .
Next , communication is also greatly improved .
In the past , vast communication is done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of applications such as Skype and Face time , any individual can phase off most , in the olden days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcam could also be affixed to emulate the 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have taken a different turn without an easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intensively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lacking in social media interaction , particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact with talks allows one to be closer to the epicentre .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utilises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily part of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone at the lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard garnered studied the effects of multiple intelligences amongst people and states that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills in its own - some have it , some do not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligence can be charted , in accordance with utilising tests , and rank .
Fundamentally , those who score lower ranks of interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - to work , family , friends .
The types of used must also be taking note of - informed , interact , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , an intensive use social media is justified .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skills , through dynamic practises between individuals and real-time presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a good rapport between those interact .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more close connections with each other , it is a more convenient and cheap way to had online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chances for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance to have face to face contact among people .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without the social networking , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the one they never met before .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and work partners .
Therefore , social network bringing more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never knew before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Secondly , although social networking takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide the time online to meet other face to face with the daily life .
In this case , the social networking helps people to increase the frequency of talks .
For example , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes in business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time for travel which is the wastage .
However , social networking helps people to meet and chat much more easy , they can even use video chatting and create groups chatted to chat with multiple parties in the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview of their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social networking may also create some negative impact of the people .
The large negative impact is that due to an online network , some people started to use and rely on internet every minute .
They take too much time for using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meetings with people from their real life .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
Secondly , social networks may leak certain personal information to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use other personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spending too much time on internet may be the potential negative factor with using online social networks .
It provides people with more convenient contacted environment and improve the frequency of meetings with each other .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting .
Overall , there are more benefits than the cost .
The world is increasingly becoming flat in all kinds of social networking websites such as Facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who left thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some point of view , social really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also could not be ignored when you consider it as a platform to show off and the stage for cyber crime .
Social networking sites provide us many convenience .
Without hanging out with friends or talking to friends through phone , we can know his on her latest news from scaling the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Tiber through Facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new albums or concert tickets as a birthday gift .
It would be really sweet and you two will surely become closer .
In addition , social networking sites can help you keep in touch with friends live very far away .
I met some Canadian friend in Egypt .
Without Facebook , we may lose contact .
However , thanks to Facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we live close to each other .
The disadvantages of social networking media are quite undeniable .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hiding his or her real thinking when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thought and personality to read things that he or she put on social networking media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guy around on the social networking website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicating with friends on Facebook .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talked to each other but just look at their cellphones .
This kind of behaviour is not good in people 's psychological health according to the research .
The cyber communication is quite different from face to face communication and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
In addition , cyber relationship could not always work in real life .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel a bond with others of our five senses .
With a willing for people to become the best among others , social networking site now become a place to show off .
Some people willing to post their expensive things or an overseas places of interest they have been on the social network and get the feeling of satisfaction from doing so .
It is a mental health and it might trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social networking page , it is convenient for criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social networking site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it to avoid a possible disadvantages in it such as putting less personal information on his or her Facebook page .
The mode of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing on social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests for these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they would prefer sitting in front of a computer to go out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss with both the benefits and down sides to use social media in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news to social media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time to read newspapers .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
There may be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This has caused panic among the people who have flooded the local police departments in numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closing of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information to a relatively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoax spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media are able to improve relationships and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it will take relatively long time to send a letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it would be easier to make new friends find who have similar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It may not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one might cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there is also chance for people to communicate with each other as they could not sense the tone of the other parties over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflict between two parties over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understanding of social media , it would be ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationships and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantage of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there is more to come in future .
Advantages : social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintained and kept in touch with your circle of friends had been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posted on status of one 's personal feelings or experiences and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engaged and expand with ease .
Introverted or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platforms .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier to humans from contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible for one 's own convenience .
The society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction are transforming into cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance on the social media and the Internet , a society that socialised through the cyber will be more advanced and adapt to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help the society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns about using social media platform to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or express could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We could not be certain of sure the reliability or truth about some posts or information we received through the Internet .
We may in actual fact communicating with the hoax Facebook account of a cyber friends , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricted actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although condemns can be used to show certain emotions , this differs from the real authentic emotion in your friends when you observe them through their body language and their facial expressions .
The danger with such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected humans inter-personal behaviour since communications are made through social media instead of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which could adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans to not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , in an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phones to read news and everyone can be the first witness to what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what are their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they still can use phones to do normal calls and messages to contact .
Not only the phone doing the job for them , but also devices like personal computers , laptops , tablets , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is obvious to see that internet saved people 's time and also connects people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantage of people .
People can only use electrical devices to access internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use the phone or internet .
Generally people need they eyes to look at the display screen on their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feelings of people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four having dinner at a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking for their display screens on one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a car a without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressed for their display screens .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know are pressing icons on the screen .
These are some concrete examples of how the social media reduce face-to-face human contact .
When people get used to using social media by contacting other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lose eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not being trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the job but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages besides their general benefits of human being .
First of all , people save money by using internet to contact other people and reading news .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other countries via social media software instead of making international calls which costs a lot of normal salary family .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activities .
When one of his friends who were not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabouts using social media .
These are the advantages that save works most of the time .
In concluding , social media benefit people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it to the proper way .
With the aid of social media , people bonded globally , information flowed rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started with the invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use airplanes to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our headphone to send our message .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved ones are getting further apart .
This is because of the ease with technology such as airplanes , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers for life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook became one of the media that we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life have positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs would be discussed at the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we were away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we were overseas .
This approach helped the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activity that their children have when they were overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved ones even though you are separated by a distance .
It may not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned at the beginning , there are also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration especially among the youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit of checking their Facebook 's page as their friend would post something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse Facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concentrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives to make the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages of using social media sites , however in this case struck balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of the social media platform is a commonplace in our lives .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhanced and complicate the links between individuals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes of company or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impact on individual 's daily life and therefore becomes a large problem in society as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contact has decreased .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face with real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This resulted in lack of interpersonal skills of individual , especially young students as they always have options to turn their backs on the real-life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but had to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits of investing such enormous time and energy is not elected as something positive to the user .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such spark for sudden attention is extremely short-termed and go daily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to the research , it has been proven that the user feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compared their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely have some other strong benefits that make the user stay is a link among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendship of such virtual worlds are so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the huge human trafficking in such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers to upload many advertisements .
Furthermore this also possibly triggered the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the user .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible fraud .
Social media sites are at their peak at the moment , however , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better people in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
The user , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or fall apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The idea seemed great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platforms like Facebook .
The parents are now a " friend " of their kids , and they can now " following " their kids more closely and in real time .
People post on their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and posting different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected to their so called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share with the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and with different settings .
We may meet only once but we exchanged our contact numbers as well as Facebook account in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeps contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like Facebook is a great way to friends from different fields or even in different parts of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on a friend 's profile and read about in his/her updates .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the Newsweek .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up with still connected to the way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle was indeed expanded .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be a cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantages of using social media is that the time reduction of face-to-face contact .
This subsequently led to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend sent a birthday wish when Facebook prompts us " today is someone 's birthday " .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wish cards during festive seasons like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one of stamping on it .
Gone are the times , and now we do mass sent and the receiver might feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every swords having two edges .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful about its impact on the actual lives that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills are still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
I believe 80 percent of people playing social media sites .
These sites play a role in connecting people around the world .
It consists of a function of connecting , sharing , interact and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned about the society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
First , with the function of social media site that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and family , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to the country .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay in different places around the world .
Besides that , companies also can use the conveniences of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate a meeting of parties in projects from around the world .
Substantial cost be saved without the tiring travel by one point to another point .
With a huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits companies more and boost up the company 's profits .
However , there are two sides of story always .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between humans .
Since ancient times , humans interact with other face to face .
Without the facial impression , it is easy to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements of social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view of society .
Based on the statistics report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
The auto correction software is so effective when used electronic devices until we do not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill for people who express their own feelings and opinions .
'privacy ' , this is a word that popular in these few decades .
Human have their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about the social media sites leak users ' information to companies with cash reimbursements .
Everything we type in the social media sites were recorded in the server and then transferred to the company for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied for the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of story .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With a wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as Facebook and twitter has become the main trends as well as daily work nowadays .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media applied to our daily lives .
On one side , it is obviously that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media make it possible to have interaction to keep writing comments .
When our phones are accidentally did , we can also use the social media to get contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk to the public can also actively took part in the group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends to such interactions when our friends also bring their friends about .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people to update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influence brought to the social media .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction of face-to-face human contact .
While social media brings convenience of peoples lives , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has the time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbating social alienation , and this kind of alienation caused some social media users to suffer from an over-dependence on virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet in real life .
This is the potential dangers for teenagers who are growing for social change to get hurt .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standards as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we could not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend in using social media may be still last for a long time .
Therefore , every time when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social media .
In a sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation border is not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies are enhancing continuously .
Telephone may be perceived as a big innovation creates ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since internet is known , telephone started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantage was given to the user .
Let us take example of Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , people are able to maintain relationships with their old acquaintances .
This benefit could not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using names and photos , for example , as an identifier .
Facebook is like a combination of messages and chatting services , personal profiles , media for sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Social games ) which allows users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves in the same time .
Twitter , that has more simplified function compared to Facebook , giving more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter only allows users to give updates that are limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are delivered .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offering since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also comes in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications for our smartphones .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Research shows that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites have been decreasing .
As a consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is a picture of your personality .
This skill required practice and could not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where the family is having a dinner together at a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadgets , posting pictures on Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
These social media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't meant that surround people being neglected as a payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skills that were mentioned before , that can be decreased qualitatively if we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
We tend to only share our happy moments of media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all .
Other people then are influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think of themselves lowly and may lead to depression and mental disorders .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always given advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantage that people may not realize at .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think about and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technology improves the lives of many people a lot .
In most of the country , there is the emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefited from the communications between people while some others argue that there are several negative impact of the society .
One of the advantages which are carried on those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
In the past decade , when the social media sites are not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away from using the phone , or even a letter .
However , calling a person to use the phone and wrote a person a letter require some costs , and sent a letter to the people who live far away , especially in villages , take much time .
The appearance of those social media sites caused those problems to be solved .
People connected through the social media sites can spend no money for the communication , and also took only one or a few seconds of the messages to reach .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also providing convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact the person whom they did not see in a very long time , such as their friends from primary schools and secondary schools .
As we graduated from the school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through the phone or a letter .
If phone and letter is the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connections between us and our old friends .
Hence , the social media sites serve as a platform for the connection .
Everything comes with benefits will also have their disadvantages .
On the other hand , social media sites also brings some negative impact of the people and the society .
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problems brought on social media sites .
The usage of social media sites indirectly caused a reduction of face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn causes the lost of interpersonal skills of many people .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills resulted in the inability of people with well present their ideas .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in a society .
In conclusion , social media sites caused both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impact brought to the advancement of technology , and also learn to avoid the con and maximize the benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch with people and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With the increasing users with more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success to play an important part of our lives .
However , there are arguments that social media life brought to a reduction of face-to-face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
All users ' needs is an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Find old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away from the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studying in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on humans .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
We spend majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees from spending their office time on their personal leisure than concentrating on their work .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also brings in a bad impact on us in the long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the less time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between humans and time we spent away from the computer screens or mobile phone .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occurred for both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harassed someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real users in real life , which may lead to unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life of the victims .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affected and it depends on how we exploit it .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it play even a more important aspect of our lives .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our lives , people might worry about the young generation has problems with face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting room tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enabled us to explore the world far far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
The convenience is beyond description .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide at the 'click ' and get to know about their lives through having conversations with them , read their blogs , photos and status .
Compared with face-to-face interaction , online conversations are easier for strangers to open their mouths with each other .
Since some of the information had already been revealed for the home page , it is also easy to find some common topic to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly from their real feelings online with their masks in reality was taken off .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online are true while a person might like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This shows that a Facebook friend may know more about you than your close friends who do not have a Facebook account .
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent used for vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through stricter regulations for content online .
Another advantage of social media is to aid the spread of democracy .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their government .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage in some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
One of the examples are the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed on Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
However , as the government controls most of the media .
These social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Kong made use of Facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table from each of them have a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy on their way too many virtual friends and some of them neglect the feeling of their real-life friends .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just on their side and teach them to manage their timing well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages in our daily lives .
What we can do is to cautiously managing our time spent online and manage our words used online .
With the regulation by governments and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thanks to those social media , the communications among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite of the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trading can be done through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages might appear such as reductions in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issues , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enables us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites we were able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media accounts , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its followers to headline news .
That shows how actually news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start to do their business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friend who sell their products or professional brands sell their products online , we can get to buy and contact the seller through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
However , be it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
I do think there are differences in it and I believe many of us would agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes a message from one party could not be delivered properly on the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the messages sent and when it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave to tell people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to a bad inter-personal skills as well as the problem of trust .
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know about social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people faking their identities from media sites so that they can know more people or some might even cheated others .
In addition , privacy issue has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they might actually share some information that they are not willing to share in the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefited from our lives , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in a small way as possible .
It is a common scene that almost everyone in the public transport was watched by phone or wear a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others even in different countries .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which are important in their work place .
This essay will discuss with the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
One of the significant advantages to using the popular social media sites is that people can reach other easily , even without contact with a long time .
In this fast paced and competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene in it and they can be updated the new information about their friends .
Personally I am studying for overseas , busy studying life kept me away from contact my old friend .
Using a common social media sites with my friends to help me know what is their status nowadays .
And I was able to easily find a common topic when I contacted them .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea at work here .
Many of them are busy with work and separated from their children .
One of managers in my work place has the same situation .
After my managers taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchildren .
Therefore my manager would not miss a moment of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
People get connected or close to same preference .
It is easier for people to approach the other after knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in studying even they are in different countries .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the joy of them .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of useful tools to help people know each other better .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also brought in some negative effect on our daily lives .
One of the disadvantages that many people concerned is that people loss the interest of face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and loses confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good for public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we could not deny that it does affect some people in their ability to interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take the advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites suppose is a very useful and convenient tools to use and bringing people get closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our way of communicating with one another .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has changed our way of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages and disadvantages of this change .
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas , stories and forge friendships based on mutual respect .
However , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
When we use Facebook and post pictures and status .
We are actively " present " fa a fades from our lives in front of others .
We tend to post pictures of the best looks , status that was funny .
We broadcast these facades with us to others .
The images we chose to present are tentatively consider .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we may know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinions on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewer , is not the listener .
They are just scroll down pages of pages of pictures and status and see one of them which they might think it funny .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but the content .
This type of communication does not help forge interpersonal relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understanding of one another and the caring of one another .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions on the other .
One can not truly understand the people with only stalking his/her Facebook page where he/she carefully chose what at present .
One can not truly show their emotions to another by texting some = ) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and the viewer .
With my social network accounts , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; because I can easily read them on the status of my friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public figures .
I got news for sale , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he/she posts them often , I could simply block him/her off .
Information got circulated .
The most popular information gets circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
Social networking play a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a lot of time for me to read newspapers and watching TV .
Personally I feel more at ease in social media .
From the above two points of view I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
With the help of social media , I became real life friends of those in online forums whom I share the same interest in .
I also discover some of my friends ' interest which I found common by myself so that talking to one another is much more to life , studies , friends , etc .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each other , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skills are not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships at a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to the more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages of itself , however , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
It is just different .
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People that live in the modern world really could not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possesses a Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media make people be able to connect one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites became really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends meet and sit around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posted pictures of this " cheerful " meeting with their social media sites .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enabled people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and sent post cards to keep in touch with one live far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of a computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time is no longer a problem , which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and failed to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills were lost .
Social media provide people a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of communication .
When one chat with those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions were typed in by using some combination of punctuation .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lot ( which means laughing intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
People indeed go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
While , once they are communicating with people in their faces , expressing themselves appropriately became really a big problem .
Social media also provides people huge brunch information about people and things that they interest .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
However , after one had registered in those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled with will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites are honest .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorated " his or her face .
But there are possibilities that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that is shared on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages for people 's daily life .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and made instant communication possible .
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
On the contrary , social media make people lose their ability to communicate effectively with their real lives and make people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identities could not be verified by the social media sites .
How does social media helped change our lives ?
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
Everyone in the world could not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which help their friends know their lives better .
However , it also raises the concern about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reducing the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether there are more advantaged or disadvantaged becomes a tough question to every human being .
Many people said they would support the social media since it really helps them to have a closer view of how their friends are going to other parts of the world .
This is especially for people who are overseas .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to knowing everything happening in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives for their lovers as well .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading the information .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their rents information on their Facebook account and wait for the response of others who are in different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than reading a newspaper every day .
However , there is also a great amount of people who against this technology .
They worry a lot of the bad effects of the teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we care about Facebook , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some parties , people would more preferred looking at their phones and reading all the posts on Facebook if they feel bored .
It makes people worry since if all the teenagers continued using social media frequently , they would decrease the ability to talk to people .
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topic to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantaged compared with advantages it gives us .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live the good life , it wastes us a lot of time as well .
Think of another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already finished one book or doing other more meaningful things .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us in contact with our family or friends .
Everything will be bad if we do n't knows how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really good or not .
As a result , it is important for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abuse it , we will all live a better life .
The advantages and disadvantages of social media
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily lives .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or paid for buses or a train .
Some might say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
Firstly in all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way is still restricted to make phone calls , send email or write letters .
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response .
However , social media solve these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
The communication is also not limited to words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood to look at their posts on line .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's lives .
It will make people spend more time for chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face such that the interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time on it and forget their real life .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I was chatting with them online .
However , they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they were growing up .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may cause some problems with their mental development .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their families and not knowing how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong values on the website would affect teenagers and confuse them .
Some may even do something wrong .
In conclusion , the show up on social media sites is a double edged sword .
It can make our lives simpler .
People can promote their friendships and relationships through these social media .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in the real lives and affected negatively on their interpersonal skills .
But overall , the advantages far outweighs its disadvantages .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a fun way to add some excitement when life was boring .
And try to bypass the shortcomings .
Remember to send greetings from our friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of social media site truly connects people closely .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happened in that people just to check their Facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that the social media site truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chance to communicate with you even you are in a different country .
However , the social media site truly reduce the communication of face-to-face which truly affect interpersonal skills .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's daily life .
Firstly , the social media site can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
By typing the words and show the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
For example , a mother 's day , people are shy about saying " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it in his or her mother 's Facebook page .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feeling warm .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying for a foreign country , the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends .
Therefore , the social media is truly good for people .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their friends closely .
People can also knew much information about the celebrities on Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get a first-hand study materials for it .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk to them and know these famous people ' thinking about using the social media .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help of the world quickly because once one person knew the information , his or her will share it with their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the people who can give help .
On the other hand , there are also problems with a population of the social media .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
People even prefer talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually rejecting face-to-face communication .
Therefore , the social media truly limited the interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connecting the relations between him and their friends .
Secondly , without a truly communication with the real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and false .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful images and good content on their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheated and lose money even their safe .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad for teenager 's future development .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly help people a lot in many areas .
However , there exiting some disadvantages which will affect people with some degree .
Advantages and disadvantages of using Social Media at Our daily life and society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media became more popular and even important in our daily lives .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microbiology more and more frequently .
There is no need to for people to go out of their homes to interact with others , they chat online , share pictures , telling others what they have done or funny story .
It seems that people build a good relationship with others on the social media , but the problems coming out .
Pope did not know how to talk to other face to face , especially a stranger .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society .
As for the advantage , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact other , easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others with social media .
In old days , if one wants to tell some important news of another one , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
The long distances and time-consuming make spreading the message very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact with a faraway friends and relatives unless there is something important .
However , people now can contact with anyone all over the world who can use computers at any time , and there is no time delay on messages .
The other advantage is that it is easy to know about others on social media .
If there is no social media , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person to ask his friends , colleagues or family members .
And the information collected may not be intact and true .
Unlike today , with the help of social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line , and know about what that person does everyday at what time .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily lives , wastes time , causing illness related to sit long time before the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most importantly , make people lose the ability to talk to other face to face confidently .
It was weird that people sitting around the table but all face on their phones and did not talk to each other .
If there is a joke on their Facebook pages , they might talk to others in this way , " his , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always be some people bowed their heads and play their phone even their family and friends are in front of them .
In a conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantage of social media while being aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family .
Today world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connects people around the world .
However , some people worry that social networks can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the society was elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantage as the benefits it provides by connecting people regardless of nationality , race , culture and language .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable means of communication .
Firstly , social media brings convenience of the world .
It has erased the boundary of distance and time .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
You can share photos , videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunity for people due to its great benefit to connect .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationship , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In business areas , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
On the other hand , social media also have disadvantages which has created worries for the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
First and foremost , we should realize that social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want .
They can become anyone .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships were only firms and real if people have gone through experience and communication with face-to-face interaction .
There is a story about a girl who lives in social media world every night for eight years .
In a chat room , she created a close relationship with eight people .
She talked with them every night , trust them and share her life with them .
Then eventually , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crime and deception .
People can use the information to deceived family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM thefts and so on .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time of social sites and rejected chance to expose to social daily life activities as well as interact with people .
Recent research has shown that the more people spending time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
As a result , if the situation keeps going on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
To put it in a nutshell , everything has its own pros and cons .
So does social media network .
It not only is convenient and beneficial to connect people and develop the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it to the correct and suitable way to a combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction with developing people 's potential to the fullest .
