In modern digital world , electronic products are widely used in daily life such as smart phones , computers and etc .
In work places , electronic devices such as computers are also inevitable for use by increasing the productivity of the corporation .
The convenience and high efficiency by using electronic products are being noticed by people worldwide .
Some people started to think if electronic products can be further operating in more advanced utilization and replace human beings with better performance .
Surveillance technologies such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) is one type of examples that have currently been implemented .
In this essay , I will discuss that if surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should be used or not to track people .
Personally , I agree with a large extent that surveillance technologies such as RFID should be used to track people .
Surveillance technologies such as RFID can be operated twenty-four hours in the absence of operators to track does every detail of human activity .
For instance , in military which is of high importance , surveillance technology is essential as it is a way to provide undeniable evidence if anything is fault .
In supermarkets where it is difficult to catch steamers , surveillance technology which make records that can be replayed or detect steals from the spot is superior to use .
The high accuracy by utilizing surveillance technology eliminates the amount of disagreements among people .
If people are aware of the existence of surveillance , the chance for them to follow rules and order is high .
It is useful as it reduces the chances of wrong doing that might occur .
Therefore , surveillance technology makes our society more orders .
Risks can be analyzed if there is a record of what was happening in the past .
In late nineteenth century , there was a severe air crash happening at Miami international airport .
The air cargo of a Valujet plane was on fire after the plane had taken off .
Sooner or later , the electric system is short circuit as a result that the airplane was out of control and nose diving on the ground with extremely high speeds .
All passengers and pilots are dying .
After finding and analyzing the black box of a Valujet after the incidence , police investigators found out reasons for causing this severe incidence .
Surveillance technology can be used to detect very risky events and prevent its happening in the future , hence to save more lives .
In addition , if surveillance technology is even better developed , it can be used to detect the problem before the real accidence has happened .
However , the dark side of using surveillance technology is that it results in the invasion of privacy .
People under supervision is under high pressure to perform naturally .
People are less likely to enjoy life under surveillance .
Therefore , surveillance technology providing convenience to the society but made more inconvenience for individuals .
Therefore , surveillance technology can be used but the use of surveillance should be modified in such a way that individuals are less affected by normal life .
In general , surveillance technology benefits the society and should be applied to the consideration of individuals ' lives .
I do not agree with this argument that surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
In this fast moving society , technology is always improving to catch up a fast pace of this world and most surveillance technology is used by the police or other army usage to track people down .
Although the surveillance technology is an issue of invading the human privacy , it has also brought us lots of benefits and security .
There are two pointed supports this argument .
Firstly , security systems are improving in many areas such as school campus or in the workplace .
Secondly , it makes it possible for parents to track their children and also their elderly parents .
Therefore , this technology should be used to track people .
Many of this surveillance is being implemented by the government sector , military areas to enhance their security .
It can also be found in schools and workplaces .
It is useful to the government and the people of the law sector .
They can maintain social control and recognize threats .
Video surveillance gives people a sense of security should anything happen .
In addition , it can provide all day surveillance around the school or office with little manpower needs .
For example , intruders can be detected if there are any at school or office .
This can protect the students to be in a dangerous situation for particularly in a small child who is studying at nursery .
In addition , it can also prevent theft .
This technology can also be a helpful tool to assist the law enforcers such as the police to collect evidence of crime after it occurred .
This could increase the efficiency of solving the crime and thus decreasing the amount of criminal acts or people .
With the help of a video surveillance , the chances of people performing crimes can be decreased .
However , video surveillance may be a help in most sectors , it can also be misused by many people .
Some may use it to peek or record something illegal .
For example , it could be installed on personal locker with record other 's moves and action .
This technology could also be seen as invasion of human 's privacy .
Surveillance technology could cause everyone to feel paranoid and as if our actions are being watched .
This could lead to psychological implications and thus cause many tremendous social effects that may be harmful to our society .
If everyone is being watched unknowingly , it seems that our freedom of doing things is being invaded .
Technology can be a very useful tool if being used in the correct manner .
It may be a help to prevent potential crimes from happening but also help people do crime .
The knowledge of installing surveillance should be taught to everyone so that crimes can be eliminated instead of increasing it .
The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .
We should respect that everyone has human rights and without other 's permission , this should not be placed or implants to anyone .
We do not want to be sued infringe other 's privacy , therefore , before implanting any RFID , we should ask for other 's consent .
Surveillance technology is getting more and more widely used in the development of modern technology in terms of various scientific breakthroughs .
And after all this scientific research results were applied to daily life , products such as RFID tracking system had become real .
Rfid is not only used to track products for logistical and storage purposes , it is also used to track people for doing human implant .
It is unacceptable for some people in the society , however , I think this application is necessary and provided the society a lot of benefits .
Surveillance technologies such as RFID has been used to track people may help to reduce the number of people who get lost .
For example , there is always news from newspapers , reported that some elderly get lost in certain places and their families are looking for him or her .
The family members must be worrying a lot of the lost elderly , and with the help of police office , maybe they can find the elderly back , but it will take a long time , and a lot of energy to find someone in the country has a population of five million without knowing the exact location of that person .
However , if the elderly have been implanted with RFID devices , then it will be much easier for the family to find him or her with a special serial numbers issued to each device differently .
They can track the location of the device on the information provided by the RFID signals ; therefore find the location of the lost elderly in a short period of time .
Surveillance technologies such as RFID is not only useful in tracking the lost people but also useful in preventing the trading of children which happens in many developing countries .
It may be known that young children may be stolen by some agencies that do the business to trade the children .
For example , they may wait for the public area and waiting for parents to bring their children out but did n't pay attention to the child , so that this kind of agency may bring a child in mountain areas and sell him or her with a good price .
Since this is happening more often in a country which is much larger than Singapore , it is even harder or maybe it is impossible for the parents to find the child back without knowing where the child had been brought in .
Since this may happen across provinces , and without any clues on the path that the child may go through .
However , if the child has been installed with tracking devices , more information will be provided along the way when the family is trying to find him or her back .
Not only the details of locations will be provided , but also may lead to find out the root of this kind of children trading agency and it helps to prevent more this kind of tragedy to happen to any family .
Surveillance technologies will help to prevent the families of losses their members especially the elderly and the children which need to be paying more attention to .
As the technology increasingly advanced , many of things that are regarded as impossible is turned into a 'possibles' .
From internet , email to the most powerful surveillance technology , every step is advancement to not only the society but also the world 's achievements .
People 's lives become from increasingly convenient to almost luxury , thanks to the implementation of increasingly technology available to the man 's life .
However , such rapid advancement technology though can be extremely useful in our daily lives ; it can also cause an invisible or massive threat to our peaceful living that can be out of our imaginations and estimation .
Today , the surveillance technology has become almost manifest to wherever we go .
Take Singapore for example , these are installed in highly secured places such as government sector at work places , from condominiums to housing developments boarding houses , and even from school canteens in toilet !
Even our applications for our Phones or other smartphones , our I-pad can easily reveal our location .
Every move for us is being closely surveilled and follow once we stepped out of homes .
Now , surveillance technology such as RFID was even invented to track people .
I agree with a great extent that RFID technology should not be easily available to the public and taken for granted .
On the other hand , I will also discuss the RFID should be utilized for good purposes .
I agree that RFID technology should not be made available to the public for easy abused and distorted usage .
First , our privacy is at threat .
Though tracking devices such as the application of our smartphones these days can add fun and entertainment to our fast-living paced living , this could be a double-edged sword .
We reveal our location , with our friends to catch up with us , however we can never know who is watching us out there secretly .
Hackers became increasingly vicious , invading into our computer system , now with radio-frequency tracking devices , this may fall into inappropriate hands on the wrong reasons .
Every move of us are easily tracked .
This is very hazardous .
No matter how good and how many security systems are there for us , the hackers are also increasingly improve their skills in terms of hacking and breaking the code of the security system .
On the other hand , I think RFID can be useful when comes to appropriate handling and usage .
For example , this could be a very beneficial and useful device for police forces to track crime suspects and terrorists in their movements , or contribute to more lead in solving the case .
Additionally , if appropriately used , this device can contributed to our scientific findings and research .
In this , I mean that we can input this device implanted into an animal or bird species , for us to track their movements and actions relating to our human research that can bring us to a new regime .
Rfid is indeed a great invention .
It could benefit our mankind if appropriately used .
However , I think such powerful device should not be made easily available to the public or fall into the hands of 'ill-intentioned ' individuals .
This will lead to more crime and bring threats to our privacy .
Rfid is used in many forms for example , transportation , homes and even office .
Over these years , it has helped humans to improve the accessibility of the form of cards to gain access to certain places .
Other than using it in these areas , it is also being used as human implant or as a form of products .
These implants and products are also being used as surveillance tools .
For use as a surveillance tool , it could also be used in terms of surveys and statistics .
There are also medical tools that are more with implanted into the human body for the basic medical research .
Moreover , the use of RFID chips in tracking clothes were also very common sight in the service industry for the huge number of clothing to be identified and tracked the locations of it at any one point .
When RAID has been used in the transportation needs in the form of ez-link cards , the ability to gain faster and easier access to the transportation needs have been seen over the years .
This on also can be used as a tracking device where the place a person visits in the past few trips were all recorded by the system and the cards .
This form of tracking is not harmful and disturbing to the society as it could be used to fight crime to maintain law and order .
As this information is being well kept by the operators where they encrypt the data and use it to the proper form .
This also prevents the chance of normal hackers to get this information that was recorded for proper usage is misused by unlawful usage .
Moreover , the use of the RFID for medical research is also being widely used in many countries .
These chips are also implanted under the human skin where it also helps to store the basic information about the people in it .
This form of tools do not harm but it helps with the ability to identify any person who was not carrying any identification when comes to emergencies .
This important information may be needed to save a persons life where their medical history was all recorded in the chip .
Additionally , the service industry is also using it to track its clothes that are being used for their employees .
This is the scene saw of Resort World Sentosa .
The clothes were all implanted with an RFID tracking chips for easy identification and recording of the whereabouts the clothes are for .
As their clothes are mass collected and washed by an external company , the ability to have a tracking system to know the whereabouts of their clothing helps in terms of the logistical hassles .
Therefore , the usage of RFID chips is more useful to help the humans in the basic needs or task that is required .
This form of tracking is also not harmful to any person where they much of these information were all used to help a person then disrupting the lives of human race .
Therefore I agree that the use of the RFID technology for tracking any person or product that would help the human race which also is mentioned above .
I think that surveillance technologies such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) can be used to track people .
Nowadays , with the rapid development of science and technology , an emerging technology always contribute to human beings better living conditions .
For example , the Internet has abridging the distances among people globally .
Although we have to admit some bad effects which was brought up in the new technology , still the advantage of the new technology could not be simply discarded .
Back in the surveillance technology , people may say it leaking their privacy or personal life .
Compared with this disadvantage , we should think about what the advantages it has made available for human beings .
It can provide a safe , convenient , identifiable environment .
Tracking people using surveillance technology can make better security for people 's lives .
For the old people , if they are alone at home , one day , they want to go out for a walk .
In case , they have some accidents like heart attack , the track of them will show there is something wrong .
The people can get there as soon as possible to save them .
For the young people , parents do not need to worry about where my kids will go after the school .
By investigating the track on the surveillance technology , they can easily figure out where is their kids now and know roughly what they are doing .
On the other hand , due to the track of people , the police can better know a person 's daily schedule .
It gives the police a better control of the criminal .
All these contributions by using the surveillance technology to track made the environment safe .
Tracking people using surveillance technology can make people 's lives more convenient and identifiable .
Nowadays , people need to carry a lot of ID cards around to show that I am the one the same as the one on the ID cards .
If we have these technologies , it will automatically confirm people 's indemnification and save the effort to carry a lot of cards .
Once people have their own identity confirmed , they can even need not to bring any money along with them .
To purchase goods , they just need to deduce money from their identity and make the transition of money to the one who is selling the goods .
Based on an identifiable environment , a lot of conventions way or style of human life can be changed .
For the privacy concerns , if the technology can be made to adjust to human being 's feelings , it will be more welcome .
For example , if the ones who carry an identifiable sensor does not want any other to know his or her location , he or she can disable the track .
Then , you may ask , how can the police get the information ?
I think that the track can be saved in some places which are not open to public .
Once it is very severe , the records will be popping out for official use .
As you can see , there are quite a lot of advantages of using the surveillance technology to track people .
In short , it can provide a safe , convenient , identifiable environment to human beings .
Besides , we can try to reduce the bad effects caused by the new technology .
Thus , I strongly agree that surveillance technologies such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) can be used to track people .
I do not agree with the above statement .
In my opinion , surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people though there does exist many problems if it prevails .
This can help to regulate people 's behavior , control crime and prevent terrorism , and set up demographic data .
Rfid , despite the fact that it may be considered as privacy infringements , is different from video surveillance .
Unlike video surveillance , RIFT can only reflect the location and movement of the people of tags .
Without sending back any images or sound recording , RFID was more user-friendly and helps prevent user 's privacy with the best it can .
Firstly , RFID is a useful tool to help to regulate human or animal behavior .
The tags can be used by those who need to be taken care or the beloved ones , such as a child whose parents are always concerned about his whereabouts when parents are not together with him , or maybe a lovely dog whose owner fears about losing her .
In the first case , RFID can be used to help parents to surveillance their children so that they can make sure if they are at school or play around with his friends ' homes , and this may help parents regulate their children 's behavior .
Secondly , RFID can be used to control crime and prevent terrorism .
Everyday crimes were happening in time to time , and help to keep low criminal rate can be a combo of ethical , physiological and social problems .
Rfid can be one of the trivial ways to help dispel criminal or terroristic thoughts .
Police could put tags on those that have potential intention to commit crimes .
Thus , when a man with a 'terrorism tag ' entering a junction or a plaza full of people police should notice this and observed the man 's behavior as well as checking his package to prevent him from exploding TNT .
Apart from preventing crime and terrorism , RFID could also be used as the evidence or alibi to help infer whether the suspect is a criminal or not .
What is more , RFID can be used to help collect demographic data .
If RFID is used by everyone and run for years , surveillance centre will have a complete set of statistics data show the movement of people from city to city , from town to town , which city is expanding more than people thought , which city is becoming less attractive .
Statisticians can use these data to build up appropriate models to predict the future needs of each city so that local governments know where and when to build more infrastructure , what kind of infrastructure and what other development should be made .
Economics can take advantage of these figures to predict the economic trend by locals as well as the whole country .
As for transportation , roads and traffic authorities can easily identify where traffic jams are and advised drivers to change to suggest routes .
In all , RFID should be applied to facilitate governors to better manage the world that we are living .
It can help regulate behaviour , prevent crime and set up demographic data based on various uses .
But before the application , governments need to secure safety for RFID after implantation and make sure there will not be any ID theft .
More importantly , governments should make sure only the right people can get access to these data and they must guarantee that they will not misuse or abuse the information .
As technology becomes more advanced nowadays , people are very exposed to the various types of technology in their daily lives .
It is undeniable that technology has made ours lives and work easier and more efficient .
However , when surveillance technology started to violet the privacy of people instead of being used in a more beneficial way towards people , it is my opinion , that , such technologies should rethink its ways of existence .
In fact , people are getting more exposed to public through the fast development in the virtual world-the internet .
Social networks such as Facebook ,Tiwtter and many others often reveal the true identity and some confidential information to the user without being realised .
This already raised up the problem of privacy leakage .
The surveillance technology deteriorates the problem on stalks at people 's privacy openly which might arouse anger and unhappiness among people .
Such incidents happen in London a few years ago , when the government installed CCTV ( ) on several streets in order to better supervise its people to keep the social order .
This was supposed to be applauded by the public because it allows fast searching for people who violated the law and cause harm to others .
Instead , when news of the installments of such devices was released by the newspaper , it was heavily criticised by the public .
People were claiming the lost of privacy .
Government had to uninstall all the devices at the end .
From this case , we can clearly concluded that surveillance technology may be helpful in some ways , however , when it touches the privacy of people themselves , it is unacceptable .
From the point of humanity , it is inhumane to use such technology in human beings .
We often put tags on products and animals because we treat them as good , it is easy to trade when they are all labels and tags .
However , human beings are not animals or any other products , they have their own thoughts and freedom .
They have a full control of their own lives .
If so , then why do we need human implant to trace their activities and lives when they are free to do things that they like .
It is understandable that once people have human implanted , they may start to behave themselves because they can be easily traced out .
However , this way to curb the crime was so violent that will only cause people to rebel and think about ways to escape the track of such devices .
After all there will be an endless battle between the technology and human mentality .
Humanity can be best seen in the case of pet rearing .
Pets are supposed to be chained when they are out on the streets .
However , in countries like China , where there is no law to force people to chain their pets , pets are usually left unchained and ran freely on the streets .
It may be dangerous as some pets are rather fierce and aggressive , however , it is the benevolence nature of human beings that we treat pets as " human beings " , our friends that we do not want to restrict their freedoms .
This phenomenon is accepted by the public even by those who do not own a pet .
This shows that even though there is a risk of causing harm to someone , people still prefer to bear the risk and allow their pets to have maximum freedoms .
Even pets are granted to freedom , people themselves certainly treat freedom as something essential .
In conclusion , I think that surveillance technology should not be allowed to be used to track people .
It does not only restricts their freedom in all aspects , but also causes leakage of personal information .
This greatly violet the rights of people .
Technology advancement is extremely fast nowadays .
Surveillance technology is one of the main concerns of military and national defense sector .
Example of this technology is RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) which has been proposed to track people through various means such as human implant or RFID tags on people .
However , this proposal has led to fierce arguments in the world over its pros and cons .
I personally stand together in the population who reject the proposal .
First of all , everyone in the world belongs to themselves who does not belong to anyone in my personal perspective .
Human rights are raised up pretty frequently in the world over the past few years .
Approval of RFID tracking will be seen as a violation of human rights and people will lose their most basic freedoms .
Would not it similar to criminals in prison but in a big confined space ?
Secondly , the tracking proposal would raise a safety issue .
The chip identifier technology can be reproduced by anyone .
It represents a query : is not everyone can view each other 's information such as name and age ?
The leakage of these confidential information can be a sensitive issue of personal , violation of freedom and breakdown of safety .
One of the examples are the storage of bank account number with a tracking chip .
Criminal could identify it easily to get a small identifier anywhere and everywhere if a tracking proposal is approved .
He or she could easily touched on a designated bank account since password cracking is an easy task for most hackers .
Other than that , safety issues can be extended to personal safety .
Everyone knows the internet and data transmission is very common and accessible at any time and point such as Facebook .
However , people tend to express their personal feelings and ideas about sensitive issues on the internet unintentionally .
This action could actually generating aggressive feelings of others and violent movement could be launched onto the one with the aid of tracking tags or implanted .
Internet can be a convenient source to achieve the names and basic information about personal if it was hacked and the tracking proposal will facilitate the finding of designating people .
In addition , the national defense would be endangered if this tracking proposal is launched .
The technology is based on a chip implant or tag .
However , the chip implants can be retrieved out easily and replanted onto other people and so on the tag .
Mischief case could actually cause the chaos at the checkpoint tracking record and a more serious issue if people do it ill-intentionally .
For example , a wanted person can escape out easily in the country and hide in another country with this method .
This tracking proposal creates a loophole in the net on justice rather than its original purpose .
In a nutshell , surveillance technology may provide a lot of convenience if being used appropriately .
However , it is fairly fragile which can be counter-used by criminals at current levels .
I would stand against the idea of tracking individuals given its vulnerability to technology at present .
Nowadays , the improved human technology online were able to track different locations in different people .
For instance , face book as a well known social media platform has the ability of tracking someone 's location .
However , in some opinion , these auto-tracking services broke the rules of privacy .
Some people do not want to be tracked as they feel it is not safe .
In my opinion , the developed surveillance technology can be used to track people and objects only if the tracking people agree to receive this service .
There exist various advantages of using the surveillance technology .
The first example would be to track your personal items and prevented from losing it .
We all know that there is an application for phone calls where is my phone .
It basically serves to allocate your phone 's position on any single time , for instance , if someone left his phone to a certain place , he could check his phone 's location to search through the internet using another phone that has the same application if you are connected to your friends ' devices .
You are able to find the location of your lost phone to ask your friends as all the shared devices are able to see the location of each other .
Another good example of using tracking technology will be to find a way to a place that someone has never been there before .
For example , one person wants to visit his friends placed on a new city .
His friend was able to upload his location due to this advanced technology .
Then , the person is able to use GPS or other auto-tracking device to find a place even he has never gone in there before .
The radio-frequency devices can be used for old people whose memory is not as good as young people as well .
For instance , when people get old , they begin to loss their memories and sometimes they may not remember their way from home or other places .
If the old people always bring a auto-tracking device , it is much easier for the young people to find them and it helps to guard the safety of the old people .
Although the auto-tracking device is quite powerful , it still has to be used for volunteer base .
Without the agreement , people should not able to use this technology to track others .
For example , if the tracking technology is able to track everyone even strangers , this means your location at anytime is viewable to every single person online .
These kind of situation will cause crime as thieves may auto tracks you and you are not able to run out of them .
Therefore , we must agree to a statement before the technology is able to track us .
At the same time , our location should be protected by seen by a stranger .
All the conditions must be agreed by the people that agree auto-tracking devices to track him like , the timing of tracking and who can view your location .
In conclusion , the advanced technology gives people convenience to find their items and their safety .
At the same time , people must protect their privacy without sharing their place of strangers .
Overall , the benefits of these technologies overweight its problem occurs if people use it wisely .
The increase in population in the country makes the government taking more difficulties in registering the members of each individual families and hence other factors existed as an obstacle to country development .
By following the trend of improvement in technology , people can now easily tracked by using RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) by simply implanting an RFID tags on human bodies .
With this advantage , it would be easier for people to locate his friends or his family when they lost contact or for an urgent and also for police to investigate crimes .
By taking an example to any country , there are crimes everyday and it is obvious to see that not all the culprits have been arrested and were punished .
There are kidnapped everywhere and not all of the family can afford the ransom that acquired by kidnappers .
In that case , they would have no choice but to seek for the power of loyal police .
The detective will start investigating the first criminal scene and brainstorm with all the possibilities .
Reality killing people in mind .
There is only 10 % of all the time of successfully pinpointed the kidnappers den and arrested all of them before they start to harm the poor victim .
In that sense , without the proper way to track human being , it is way too difficult to save those innocent lives .
Also , not only the kidnappers and the victims need to be tracked down , but also jailbreak .
Few years ago , there was a jailbreak named Mat Selamat , one of the members of the terrorists in Osaka , successfully escaped under the monitoring of a couple of cops in Singapore .
That was a rare case since Singapore is actually an absolutely safe country .
According to news , the police force has mobilized thousands of cops , each of them preparing for duty and patrols in the allocated places all over the country and after few months , none of them were able to find Mat Selamat and rearrested him .
People falling into panic when they knew that they had lost the harmony and peace in their country and the government had no choice but keep claiming that their country is still in safety mode .
If RFID came into existence , this kind of case can be totally avoided in no time .
Beside , if RFID is supposed to be used by the public , everyone will be able to locate their friends and also their dear family .
Nowadays , people using the all-purpose smart phones to communicate .
With the power of internet , there is nothing impossible to find a friend for afternoon tea .
In spite of that , smart phone is still a device that need to be recharging its battery or else it will be just like a rigid object .
Imagine when people camped in forests or hills , they will just lost all of the internet signal and also a risk that their phone running out of batteries .
In that case , if they get lost or losing contact , they will be considered as a lost and eventually , they will not survive .
With the help of RFID , if there is an urgent that people crying for help , they would be saved .
In conclusion , RFID benefited people more than bring harmful side effects of human bodies to consider for human safety .
Nowadays , technology is more advanced than the past time .
In the past , people only can find each other and communicate face to face .
After the invention of phone and internet , there are more ways to use to communicate with people and even track people .
In this mean time , surveillance technology is found which means that we are able to track people for every time from everywhere .
Definitely , there are points of view that agreed the technology but also the voices of objection .
Thus , let 's us discussed the pros and cons now to give you a clear mind of surveillance technology .
Initially , surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) was implanted into the body of animals .
It functions to track the path of animals and help in scientific research .
Besides that , many animals which just been released from the protection of human for a long time been implanting an RFID as well to track their new life to ensure whether they could survive in the wild life .
This technology is encouraged by some of the public that by implanting an RFID into prisoners ' bodies .
The initial function was good indeed that to track the movements of them to protect the public safety and interest if they are out of prison .
However , some of the non-governmental organizations showed their point of view that objects and resist implanting an RFID into prisoners ' bodies .
Their opinions is founded on the basic human rights .
Prisoners ' privacy is endangered due to the RFID .
After they released from the prison , the movement of their whole lives are controlled and known by the government .
They feel stressful under the control of government and it may lead to the way that we do not desire and imagined .
Furthermore , some of parents held a positive view of surveillance technology and agreed to implant an RFID into their child 's body .
Their opinions are based on a child safety protection and parents ' guardian .
Children can be easily found if they are lost or abducted by other people .
However , there are both sides of story .
This technology leads to a problem which is same for the prisoner issue that is the human privacy .
Children are given birth to their parents ; parents are responsible for taking good care of them .
Although the initial functioning of implementation of RFID is good for the children , however children also have a human rights and privacy which is endanger under this technology .
Besides tags into human body , there is also the issue of implant into products .
Recently , many with cell phones are equipped with GPS which means that they can find the device 's location if it is lost .
It is also the advances in surveillance technology .
Children can easily be track based on the location of cell phone to parents .
Compared to the human implant , tagged with the product is better and more suitable .
Under the product tags , children are given a significant free space as compared to the congested controlled by human implant .
Parents also can ensure the safety of children as well as do not endanger their privacy .
It is a way that can " use one stone to kill two birds " .
In conclusion , based on the advantages and disadvantages discussed , I agree that surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
However , in a certain extent , I agree with implanting RFID tags on products to protect the safety of children .
As world pace becomes faster and faster , the need for maximum efficiency becomes stronger and stronger in every field .
To know where a certain item located became one of the ways to improve efficiency .
For example , UPS could track the process of each delivery .
With the information about the location of the cargo , it is much easier to prevent unexpected loss and come up with more efficient plan to save the energy and resources of the company .
Rfid is one of the advanced technology for tracking .
Due to the small size of the equipment and an energy-saving features , it becomes more and more popular in industry and logistics .
However , it is not a reasonable idea to use RFID to track people with human implant or RFID tags on daily products like watches or clothes , it does provide convenience of a certain situation .
The biggest difference between humans and animals or any other object is that we have self-esteem or we need a basic respect to our peers .
One of the basic rights of humans is the right to privacy .
In any period of time , as long as we do not offensive others , we should enjoy the right to privacy .
However , the idea of using RFID to track people violate our need for privacy .
Since RFID tags attached to the product could remain functional for a long period of time , it could be misused for surveillance purposes which are not related to the industry production or supply activities .
For example , a consumer buys a product of RFID in a supermarket .
As the RFID is embedded within the product , people who have the access to the information definitely could track him .
However , the consumer may not be aware of the functions of the tag , so this action could reveal the sensitive information to the consumers like home address , work address of someone who was not authorized to get the information .
If this piece of information is misused , chances are high that the consumer would suffer losses like financial loss or even cause danger to the life of the consumer .
Moreover , if the product is what one needs to use every day like clothes or shoes , then the location for one will be revealed every second .
This is just like there is an invisible stalker behind you .
It is not only scary but also illegal .
Although someone would say the information is secured very well and will not be released or misused for any purpose , it is still not appropriate .
We can think about this scenario : the location of us go about daily life will be sent to a computer to be processed and stored every second .
Does this sound reasonable to you ?
As what we have mentioned above , as human being , we should enjoy our privacy during our life as long as we do not cause harm to others .
However , RFID will violate our right to privacy during our shopping activity .
Therefore , RFID should not be used to track people no matter through human implant or tags on products .
Does a society need surveillance or not ?
With the developing of modern society , more and more new technologies appear and people 's life quality rise because of the new inventions .
Some good examples such as the Internet , computers and satellites are now quite common in humans ' normal life ; however , some problems also emerged , with the concerns of the loss of the privacy of civilians .
In a modern society privacy is a hot topic in peoples ' minds .
Even if the safety is the most important thing to consider in normal life , many people still want to keep their privacy in spite of existing some potential danger .
The contradictions of the safety and the privacy can not be reconciled perfectly .
With the installed on the surveillance of every corner of Singapore , people 's lives have a safe securities , and criminals are deterred by these electrical instruments .
A report showing that the crime rate in Singapore is the lowest in the world .
This is because for two reasons , one is the strictest laws in Singapore , and the other is a dense surveillance everywhere .
During the year 2003 , surveillance strategies help Singapore beat the SARS and successfully prevented the spreading of the epidemic situation .
At that time , Singapore government adopted the method to install surveillance of every patient 's home to look after their actions .
Much media has reported an effective measure for installing the surveillance in Singapore .
Without the use of the surveillance , the epidemic situation could not be controlled strictly , and the losses caused by SARS might be many times than that in 2003 in Singapore .
The benefits of the surveillance was obvious from the fighting with SARS , and this is a success example of the surveillance .
Every coin has its two sides .
In one way the surveillance help government guards civilians ' property and life , with the other way the surveillance makes people feel uncomfortable under the 24 hours ' monitoring .
In the novel 1984 , written by George Orwell , author imagines a world in which people are being watched by the big brother when they do everything .
Every words people said could be heard by the government and because of that , government knows well with everyone 's mind and want to wash everyone 's mind and control normal people totally .
It is a country without any freedom and democracy in the novel .
In the reality , people are afraid of being tracking everywhere , not because of meaning in crime , but the spirit of freedom and privacy is in everyone 's heart .
When the husband is talking a sweet sentence for his wife , none of the couple wanted it to be heard by the people behind the monitor .
Normal people 's privacy needs governments seriously considered for .
People need a safe environment to live in , and also need a private environment to stay independent .
The surveillance is a useful method to keep society 's safe , but also kill the privacy of people to some degree .
The best way to solve the contradiction is to educate people well and make them live an affluent life , and then the surveillance are no more need .
At that time , even if there was no surveillance above people 's heads , there are surveillance in everyone 's heart and criminals are more difficult to hide .
Nowadays , humans live in a modern society .
Around people , there are full of high technology like CVS , automatically sorting system for good and different information systems .
In order to bring more benefits and ensure people 's safety , surveillance technology has been utilized in many aspects of fields like from UPS and DHL , these express delivery companies use surveillance technology to track their goods .
It is convenient for customs to track and confirm where and how their goods are now .
However , besides tracking goods for people , people began to use this technology to track people .
I do not agree this kind of behavior , because humans are different from good , could not treat humans as good .
There is no a doubt , tracking system has brought many benefits of this information age .
No matter where people go , taking buses or ART , people are under the CCTV , it is very important and useful to track and find people .
Actually , tracking system has provided people safety indemnification .
However , tracking people is difficult and different from good .
For instance , the company has over two hundred employees scattered over different locations in Singapore , and is currently keeping tracking of working hours and overtime payments through the use of a punch card system-a system which can be open to abuse such as an employee punching the card to another .
Goods are dead , but humans are alive .
If one company really uses this technology to track their employees , employees will dislike and claim that their humans ' rights and privacy have been violated .
In another a word , people will feel that the boss or the company treated them like good , because modern people need more homage not money .
So , when employees began to conflict with this tracking system , they will find some way to escape the tracking system like asking friends to help them to punch the cards .
Finally , the company tracking system has no meaning at all , therefore tracking system was very terrible measures to control people .
In addition , tracking people system may be used to bad people in the wrong way .
How to explain this problem , it means that people are not sure who is in charge of these tracking system .
For example , people go somewhere , no matter took buses , MR or drive , they are under the CCTV .
If some bad people want to track someone in their personal purposes , with hackers technology , they can use government tracking system to do their own business .
In other words , government originally hoped to use tracking system to ensure citizen safety , now it has been divulged human information .
It is very dangerous for society , because people do not know who is tracking them , it must bring citizens trepidation .
In conclusion , what I have mentioned above , we have to agree , tracking system has many benefits to different parts of human life especially in this modern world .
But tracking people are very terrible choices , it sounds like people invented the 'prison ' in jail themselves , people need homage and freedom .
Also tracking people is very dangerous if it has been controlled by bad men in a not good purpose .
So surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
Surveillance technology : A prospering technology
Radio-frequency identification is a technology which uses a wireless non-contact system to scan and transfer the data on a tag attached to people or products from radio-frequency electromagnetic fields .
After this , it can automatically get an identification and tracking .
Nowadays , this technology has been used in many kinds of fields , such as transportation and logistics , transportation payment , product tracking and inventory systems , some institutions and so on .
More interestingly , this technology is being used in human identification , even planted a chip into human body .
This fact became very controversial among people and the possibility of personal information released without knowing also brought the public 's concerns .
In some fields , surveillance technology does have brought us tremendous benefit and advantage .
Logistics and transportation are major areas of utilization of RFID technology .
In the transportation , almost all of the people have transport cards for daily transport .
Since we do not to bring cash to pay for the transportation fees , enormous time has been saved for everybody .
For the society , there will be a more efficient transportation system .
For the logistics , if all the products are attached to the tag , it is much easier to count and record all the products .
This will make the logistics process more effective and also prevent the occurrence of product lost because of the tracking .
Since the inventory management is very important for some kind of companies , this technology is playing a very significant role .
The super markets are also using this technology to tag their products , which can record the conditions for all of the product on time and prevent to steal .
When checking out , the price tag will be scanned to get the total payment very quickly .
This will save the customers time and also improve the profit from the market .
The library also use this technology to identify the membership of the people enter , which ensures the security and the member itself would also conserve their information made in this library .
Both the library and museum apply this technology to avoid some belongings were taken out illegally .
In some kindergarten , an RFID is used to tab a child to keep a record of their attendance and whereabouts .
On the condition that the kindergarten students are very young and they do not have a very sound self-conscious , this system could prevent them from losing .
All in all , the RFID system is used to catch the information about the objects and track .
This function could be used in many aspects .
By RFID , a customer who is potential to buy a very expensive luxury will be less reluctant to consider what if it loses , because the RFID can help them get it back .
This will inversely improve the sale of the shop .
Although in many respects , this technology can be used for positive and evidently beneficial ways , in some areas it is so controversial .
The most controversial part may be a human identification .
It probably can be divided into several types .
The first type is just say the ID card which are carried externally on the people .
By using this card , our identities can be confirmed and the information in a certain institutions can be kept .
However , this will raise a privacy protection issues .
How can it be guaranteed that our information will not be abused ?
Maybe this part can be resolved by using another technology .
For example , the ID card can be implanted into a switch which can be controlled by the owner .
When not using it , just switch off the card , then it will be just a useless paper .
Another human identification is implanting RFID chips into human body .
For this part , not only the privacy problem is concerned , but the human health .
Does the implanted chips definitely safe and feasible ?
Will it affect the normal functionality of the other organs ?
All of these problems are waiting to be resolved .
In solution , surveillance technology has been used in a much broader area .
Some have been widely accepted by the public but some are not .
Actually , this technology is very useful and should be definitely going to be used .
What should be concerned is how it can be applied to the right area in the right way .
If there is some controversy , how it can be improved .
Only if it is making use of a wise and sensible approach and be adjusted and refined very profoundly , can it bring us the maximize benefits .
Surveillance technology should be used to track people .
The technology is necessary because it can provide evidence of crime investigation and social issues and decrease the illegal actions effectively .
Firstly , surveillance technology is useful in crime investigations and public issues .
It can provide an objective view of what happened .
It records the history which nobody can deny .
In crime investigation , the truth of evidence was necessary , which can only be made with photos , videos or small tracks .
In supermarkets monitoring is needed because we have to track thieves .
In front of ATM we need monitoring to avoid intentional crimes .
We need CCTV on every public corner to track suspicious .
Only in this way can we get evidence of bad movement to protect others .
The objective truth by CCTV are helpful and efficient in crime investigations , better than asking witnesses again and again to identify who is a liar .
Secondly , surveillance technology can decrease the illegal actions effectively .
Imagine there was no CCTV in public .
People will act as if there is no supervision .
No evidence was recorded .
Cheating can be very popular for examination and stealing will seldom incurring punishment .
In a Chinese kindergarten , Children are always abused by a teacher but no one else knows that .
Children told their parents .
Some parents are too busy to take care of children while other parents do not believe what children said .
The headmaster did not know how the teachers really is and she did not fire her even when some children were afraid of entering the teacher 's class .
After so many children were abused , people come to know the truth .
Shadow was made by children 's heart and there is nothing we can do to make up for it .
Now people suggest that every classroom in every kindergarten should have a monitor , otherwise the teachers ' actions could not be supervised .
If there had been a monitor in the classroom , maybe parents and headmaster could realized earlier how severe and how bad the truth is and children could get protection earlier .
People may say that surveillance technologies will be abused intentionally to authorized people .
It really happened in China .
In a car accident related to the official 's relative , the records be modified with a new record .
The people in the records had been changed to another one before it was released to the public .
The modification is so obvious that people can easily recognize .
In China , things like that will happen because the legal system is not sounding enough .
Power is concentrated in a few people .
The problem of abuse of surveillance is only the problem of abuse of power .
Avoiding corruption and separate power is more important than forbidding surveillance technology .
In conclusion , surveillance technology is necessary in many public places in my opinion because we need it in crime investigations and social issues .
There is a truth that we could not deny which is that surveillance technology could provide a sense of safety because sometimes machine is more honest than people .
We have to admit that how to prevent the abuse and how to use it reasonably depend on a sound legal system , and it means surveillance has its own restrictions .
Surveillance technologies such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) has been made possible by tracking people by implanting certain markers of people or products .
This is more than convenient for the authority to take better control of the society down to every individual .
However , in respect of civil rights and privacy , surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should not be used to track people .
In the first place , every civilized person more or less disliked the idea that he or she is being closed watched every second .
By law , citizens have the right to keep their privacy unknown in public , whereas the privacy would be exposed if such surveillance technologies are applied widely .
Many pupils in China have been complaining about their phones , because of the phone in hand , their lives are all transparent with their parents .
Such technology would put people into the same circumstances as those pupils where the government plays the role of parents trying to find out whatever people are doing every second .
If pupils felt uncomfortable being watched by parents , citizens definitely is unhappy being watched by the big brother .
Close surveillance is not only the problem of bad feelings , but also a problem with the health of the society .
Some people may claim that it is good for security as when every one is under tracking , those potential criminals also were .
By logic it seems perfectly right .
However , whether the behavior is a crime is dependent on the authorities .
When the authorities treat liberty as a crime , the society became terrible .
It has been doubted that whether a society that is under close surveillance would be a good one to live in .
Many science fiction has made good efforts by describing the future of humans in which every body in society was put under close surveillance by the government .
Surprisingly , none of these are describing the future as a bright one .
In history , there were times when the government wants to secure its governance so badly that its police sniffing around people like dogs , such as the Nazi Germany , the Soviet Union .
People nowadays would agree that it was terrible to live in those societies .
Then why would they agree to put themselves into those societies ?
A bad thing is that one might not even be aware of that he or she is being tracked .
If such things do happen , then the society would be moved to a dangerous direction without being noticed .
Imagine that one day , one was suddenly arrested at his normal life to the police and told that he is accused of posting anti-society statements on the Internet .
And all the evidence had been collected from hidden surveillance when he though he was expressing his opinion on the safe house !
In summery , surveillance technology should not be used to track people in order to keep the society comfortable and safe to live in .
What should really be put into close surveillance is the government .
People must make sure that the government is not abuse its power in ways including tracking people .
There is one thing is common in the world described by many fiction - chip was implanted in humans and records its location , history and even thought about that time .
The reader is just smiled when they flip the pages because it never comes to their mind that one day it might come true .
However , the world is always beyond our imagination and never let us down .
Actually , this technology has already been woven into our lives .
We benefited from surveillance technology for many years and in many ways .
Travelers survive in desert thanks to GPS guide them .
The police seized the criminal thanks to CCTV .
Having power can help people to achieve lots of things ; however , abuses will guide us in another direction .
Tracking people is one way to abuse technology and in fact , it happens every day .
Although we are not implanted chips we are exposed under CCTV .
It is a common question asked by lots of people that as the technology developed and we benefit from it , we are losing our privacy .
We can not deny that surveillance technology is a great achievement that secured us and protect us from criminals but we also can not ignore the leases on our privacy and even limit our freedoms .
My life now is exposed to lots of CCTV .
Every day when I opened my door and go to lady 's through the corridor , I was recorded at 3 CCTV .
I need to dress up neatly in case one day someone checked the CCTV will find a girl in weird clothing .
When I work , it seems I am holding my heart working since if I was doing something wrong or relax on working time .
Next minute , I may have a tea with my manager .
Such a nightmare owes about abuse of surveillance technology .
Although we all understand the installed on CCTV being used to protect us from criminals , nowadays , it seems to be abused too much .
According to article lawful interception , for us , every telecommunications companies have contracts with FBI , requiring them to keep the phone call records easily searchable and accessible for FBI .
Moreover , as shown by many Hollywood movies , Google mail is also accessible by FBI .
There are so many people with FBI , although it was under strict rules , and we can not think ideally there would not be any one abuse its power and access those resources for private purposes and lease them out .
Leasing of private information , even though it only happened one time , but one are too many of the individual .
Moreover , the money spent on telephone calls recorded was $ 1.8 million per year .
" The Big Brother is watching you " ( Orwell , < 1984 > ) , the fictional world described by George Orwell 's novel now turns out to be true .
There is only one thing different .
Our life is not only exposed to big brother .
Instead , owing to CCTV , telephone and other RFID , we are becoming characters in a play watched by someone , but we seldom noticed it , that is why it is horrible for our lives .
As the fast growing of electrical technology , people have been trying to adopt more and more advanced technology into our lives to make full use of it .
Many advantages have been shown in the areas like politics .
Because of the surveillance technology , more and more things are under track and more and more clues can be used .
However , disadvantaged have also been gradually disappearing as of the fruit people are enjoying .
That is to say , there are more and more doubts raised by the public about the surveillance technology .
From the view from my point , I think the application should only be authorized by people in some specific fields like politics and public security .
Firstly , privacy will not be protected if everything is under monitoring .
We can not imagine our every move is under track and there may be someone who is staring at you in some places through the monitor .
That sounds like we are naked in front of the public , there is no secret and even privacy for us .
Perhaps that the surveillance was installed for the sake of safety , but actually it conversely makes us have a lack of safety .
Therefore , the surveillance technology could not be casually used .
Secondly , it may be used for lawbreakers .
There is no denying that every coin has two sides .
The technology also applies .
On one side , we can use it to ensure that something is under our control to reduce the rate of crime .
On the other side , the technology could also be probably used for the lawbreaker to commit crimes .
And once this happens , privacy does not exist any more and people 's lives are under great threatened .
Therefore , this technology carries great risk when we can only see the advantages that have been appearing .
Thirdly , it is also a waste of time and money if we use it in our daily lives .
Say , a person whose salary is 2000 dollars per month .
And he spends 1000 dollars to install a surveillance system at his house .
Then if his house gets stolen , the perhaps he can use the surveillance to get his money back .
However , if nothing happens inside his house , then the surveillance became useless , and he will also feel very uncomfortable because his every move is being supervised .
Therefore , for ordinary people , there is no need for them to use this technology .
Otherwise , it is just a waste of resources .
From the reasons above , we can see that the surveillance technology takes great danger of it so that we can not apply it to our daily lives .
However , we can take the essence and reject its dross .
That is to say , we can use it for some specific and special areas such as public security and politics .
These fields are special because of the job categories , and the need to be open to the public , so the disadvantaged will not be shown .
Contrarily , it can help to supervise the public figures in politics and track the offenders in security .
Therefore , the surveillance technology should not be used except for some specific jobs .
Surveillance technologies such as Radio-Frequency Identification ( RFID ) to track the population is potentially be dangerous weapons from the government against its own people .
It should therefore not be used to track the population in order to protect people 's privacy and the idea of democracy .
Using surveillance technology such as Radio-Frequency Identification ( RFID ) to track the population can be seen as merely progression of older technologies such as the identification cards .
A possible benefits are better statistical analysis , which will provide the government for more information when drafting policy .
However , in this very non-ideal world where corruption is abundance , wide usage of such surveillance technology and accurate tracking is potentially a dangerous , perverted and deadly weapon .
Illustrations that are both hypothetical and yet concrete is action spy movies , such as the Bourne identity .
In the movie , the spy agent access the public street cameras to track Jason 's Borne whereabouts .
This clearly illustrates how the corrupt government may breach its civilians ' privacy .
In addition , corrupt officials may sell this tracking information about the mafia .
Misha ( 2008 ) explains in his book 'McMafia ' that the shadow market accounts for 20 % of the global economy .
Judging from the crazy yet realistic anecdotes about gangsters , human traffickers , and the yukuza in his book , it is not difficult to imagine the opportunistic nature of human taking opportunities from this marvelous tracking technology .
The people who are on the run of the mafia will be at risk !
Surveillance technology should also not be used to protect people 's liberty and freedom of opinion .
The idea of democracy and power of the people will be at risk if people are tracked .
The ability to track every individual will empower dictators and their secret police .
Already without these technologies , the secret police agencies are able to track their prey and unsuspecting rebels .
An example is the Nazis secret police of Hitler used to dispose ( their bodies literally ) and stamp out any of Hitler 's opposition used fear ( and maybe guns , knives , poisons ) .
As previously mentioned there are benefits to this surveillance and tracking technologies .
Trends in the highly emotionally and easily manipulated human can be tracked , analysis , archives and chronicle .
Trends in society and culture can therefore be observed as a function of time .
These statistical analysis will give government more accurate information when drafting policy .
An example of making a good informed decision is the story of the planning and constructing on a walking path , where the government has a lack of information and decide that the people need a proper concrete walking paths and built one of a randomly location .
However , they could have built a walking path on a dirt path that has been walked out of the people themselves .
Knowing that this is a favourable route for the people , the government now has sufficient information to build a walking path that truly benefit the people .
Still the possible downfall of these surveillance technology is too present in my paranoid minds and they clearly overweight the benefits , in my opinion .
It is therefore better to stick to the status quo .
With the development of technology , we have more advanced methods to track people in today 's society .
Surveillance technologies such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) is frequently used by the police to track people who were considered suspicious .
However , the use of surveillance technology is usually done secretly , and the debate had been aroused today that whether surveillance technology should be abandoned .
Some socialist argue that installing surveillance devices from people offended human rights and should be totally abandoned .
However , people who are taking security jobs asserting that surveillance technology is the most effective way to track people and make it easier for them to track those suspicious people so that they can do their work much more effectively .
In my point of view , surveillance technology should still be used to track people to present since there are no good solutions .
The application of surveillance technology is the most effective methods to track people and thus can help the police a lot .
Although that method might invade certain people 's rights and privacy , but in exchange for that we can get a safe and peaceful society .
If the surveillance technology is abandoned , it makes the police very difficult to track the suspicious people and can have little control of those people who are dangerous to the society .
For example , without surveillance technology , the murders could escape much more easily since no one knows their positions .
Without surveillance technology , a suspicious people might actually commit the murder and the murder could be much more serious if the police could not arrive in time to help out .
On the other hand , the application of surveillance technology serves as a warning to the murder and they may not commit more murders since they might be afraid of being tracked by the police .
If that technology is abandoned , it may trigger more bad people to commit murder or steal things since it is very difficult for the police to track them and they have a high possibility of not being punished by the law .
Therefore , the continuation of using surveillance technology is really necessary .
Although surveillance technology should not be totally abandoned , regulation of using that is expected .
With the popularization of surveillance technology , a more concise and more complete regulations by using that is highly needed .
For example , making ordinary people not allowed to use that and do not let a surveillance device accessible to the ordinary people so that abuse usage of surveillance technology can be avoided , which is also an effective way to protect human rights .
Only police should be allowed to use surveillance technology and such technology can only be used to help tracking the murders or people suspected .
With proper use of surveillance technology , surveillance technology could be a good tool for the police , and also benefit all the society .
It is unavoidable for some socialists to argue that surveillance technology invaded human rights , however , for the sake of whole societies , surveillance technology should still be used .
As long as the regulations by using that are obeyed , surveillance technology could serve as a good tool .
In a modern society , public surveillance is becoming a normal phenomenon .
In the United States , after a horrible attack on 11 September , the US congress passed the Patriot Act , which is mainly to increased domestic surveillance , to counter against the terrorists .
However , although these bureaucratic actions prevented another similar attack from happening again , the act was widely criticized for its violations over individual privacy .
With the development of surveillance technology such as RFID , spying on the population could be much easier , which will create even worse scenery of the citizens .
In this paper , the incorrectness of using technology such as RFID to track people will be proved in the discussion in violation of privacy , the trend of misuse such measures and the enhancement of the totalitarian rule by the authorities .
First , a violation of privacy will be dramatically increased .
Typically , the RFID tags are small devices with a read-only chip .
The regular distance for data exchange could be several meters .
Once such chips are loaded with personal information and implants for individuals , all the information about his or her life can be recorded .
Some supporters might argue that it will more convenient to use RFID for identification at places like airports and check points .
However , the fact is that such technology will create check points everywhere .
Furthermore , such tracking of individual was done without permission on the subject people .
That is to say , people will be surveilled by every moment without awareness .
In such situations , individuals will lose their basic privacy .
Second , when technology like RFID is widely used , there will be a trend of misuse such technology .
An important feature of RFID is a minimal security .
Since it is read-only , the card could not protect itself .
Moreover , almost every one can gain access to the card reader as a reader require only simple technology .
Then , if a business man wants to defeat his competitor , he can just buy a reader and spy on commercial secrets .
Hence , once RFID is widely used , people are very likely to spy on each other , which will destroy trust , respect and many moral values .
Third , to use the surveillance technologies will enhance the totalitarian power of the authorities .
The government is supposed to serve the people .
However , once the government gathered too much power , the democracy may be turned into totalitarianism , and such surveillance technology provides the measure .
Spy and collect excessive information about individuals is the first step .
When governments are able to find out all the precise information about its citizens , it can gradually applied control over them .
Consequently , the government is very likely to turn to be a totalitarian authority , which will be the worst scenery and tragedy for every single citizen .
All in all , surveillance technology such as RFID should not be used to track general population for a violation of privacy , the trend of misuse such measures and the enhancement of the totalitarian power of the authorities .
Privacy must be respected , and power over others should be controlled .
Without such surveillance technology , we can still live a better future .
With the development of the science and technology , people nowadays are living under various surveillance , for example , CCTV can be seen almost everywhere in public areas .
Recently , the news coming surveillance technology called radio-frequency identification which is RFID for short has caused heated discussion about whether it should be used to track people .
Some people think RFID should be banned out of privacy considerations .
However , as far as I am concerned , using RFID to track specific people can be very helpful in situations such as scientific exploration , rescue and police events .
During scientific exploration , especially the geographical ones , the tracking is very important .
This tracking will help scientists to better get their results and clear exploration route information will also be useful for post-research when scientists come back .
In addition , people who research on biodiversity will also need to be tracked .
When these scholars are on the field journey , they also have to relate their observations on their route information ; this is when RFID is of great significance .
In addition , field journeys are sometimes very dangerous .
Observers are likely to go into the rural forests or mountainous areas .
Their safety may face huge challenges .
For this kind of situation , RAID will help a lot .
Actually , not only for scientific observations but also during adventure journeys or travel , RFID can defend human beings from harm .
Firstly , knowing where the traveler is and may go can assist them to know what the surroundings will be like and they can prepare better to protect themselves or they can change direction to avoid the potential danger .
Furthermore , by telling the geographical position of the people , RFID could accelerate the rescue process and will improve the survival rate for the victims .
During the rescue , every second is valuable !
Rfid is also functional for policing events .
By getting the track at the suspensors , police officers could decide who the criminals exactly is sooner and easier to gain the truth behind the criminal event .
Furthermore , knowing where the criminal is will also simplify the chasing process .
Policeman can just go to a certain place and chasing a criminal .
Besides , tracking people about potential dangers would be helpful for the safety department to predict the harm and better avoid the problem .
Some people may argue that using RFID to track people will leave out individuals ' privacy .
Nevertheless , an activity I mentioned above are related little about privacy issues .
Firstly , for scientific exploration , rescue and police events , the privacy factor is far less important than the individual or social safety and scientific results .
In addition , by observation journeys and travel , we only need to use RFID to some certain individuals and they will agree with this action for their own benefit .
Above all , I think we could not ban the use of RFID completely , since it will be of great help in human 's benefit during scientific exploration , rescue and police events .
By using this technology reasonably , it will assist people to walk faster and further in the long and rough civilization developed path .
Not being imprisoned in surveillance technology
With the development of science and technology , surveillance technology is playing its role in people 's lives .
It monitors anybody 's movements or activities , and enables us to identify suspects involved in any misdoings which violates the law , etc .
When surveillance technologies like RFID brings lots of convenience to our lives , some people argue that this kind of technology actually makes us feel unsafe .
Personally , I think surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should not be used to track people , about the benefits it brings to me could not match the concerns it caused .
It has been quite a long time since someone raised the importance of the right to privacy .
Without doubt , surveillance technology is going against the right since it leaks out people 's information without getting their permission .
When the technology is not so well developed , it may not be a big problem for leaking limited information .
While as it becomes highly developed , it is very scary to realize that this technology actually tell lots of people where did you go and what do you do .
It gives you the feeling that all people are watching a movie , and you are a hero whose every movement including using the toilet was under other observation , just like what was shown in the movie The Truman Show which chronicles the life of a man who was initially unaware that he was living in the constructed world , broadcast by billions of people .
When I have such feelings , I will feel that I am not belong to human beings as everyone else any longer , instead , I was like a pet or a tool to be made fun of by others .
It is more like a prisoner 's life , because we are under other people 's control and we can do nothing to change our situation .
On the other hand , when we allow surveillance technology being used to track people , it increases the successful rate of people taking bad actions .
For example , thieves can easily find out the best time to visit our house and kidnappers can take away our kids every time if they were informed of everyone 's location .
That would also cause more social concerns .
However developing our society is , technology should always serve us as a tool instead of constrained us like ropes .
Every technology is born of its advantages and its shortcomings just like nuclear power or weapons .
If we can not choose the proper way to use it , we tasted a bad consequences for it .
As for surveillance technology which is not only inefficient enough to improve our life quality but also violates our right to privacy , I think we should not use it to track people .
All of us hoped to live in a freer , more relaxed and safer world .
Population ageing is a global phenomenon as shown in China , India , Europe and even more countries and regions .
Studies have shown that the current average life span is over 65 .
Projections by the United Nations indicating that the population aged 60 or over in developed and developing countries is increasing by 2 % to 3 % annually .
The rising expectancies being considered as a challenge as less workforce is results if population ageing ; high burden for governments to support the source of living with excessive ageing people .
However , it is considered as an achievement as there is low competency in workforce .
Rising life expectancy is a two-sided sword which was both a challenge and an achievement .
Rising life expectancies resulted in fewer workforce available .
Fewer young people and more elder people were existing globally .
This resulted in an unbalanced ratio between young people and older people .
This is a challenge as it reduces the productivity of countries , and hence affecting the productivity of the world .
Globally , manpower is lacking .
Although current world is a digital world which more machines are used to replace manpower , manpower be required to operate these machines so that they can better functioning .
In countries like Singapore , manpower is the only natural resources available which Singapore can invest from as she does not have enough land to build farms and factories .
In addition , Singapore focused more on developing its tertiary industry which are mainly consists of service .
People are needed .
More importantly , Singapore wanted to be a knowledge base country , more highly educated people are required .
Ageing results in less manpower and less highly educated people are available in proportion .
More elderly people are a burden to the society as more funds are required by the government to support their standard of living .
In general trend , elderly people are easy to be ill as compared to young capable adults .
More healthcare are needed for elderly people than young adults .
In most countries healthcare is provided freely in government .
As a result , governments need more taxes for companies in order to have enough money to provide healthcare for elderly people .
Studies have shown that the current average life span is over 65 .
This is an age which most people are retired and has no source of income .
Their purchasing power is low .
In an aging population , low spending affect the economic growth .
Companies are in trouble if they could not earn sufficient money to sustain their business and they also need to pay high taxes on the government .
Population ageing is a challenge for economic development .
Despite the challenges of ageing populations , it is an achievement as less people are for competency to bid for one job positions .
Therefore , people are generally less stress at work .
Life is more enjoyable for young adults .
Rising life expectancies also indicates that standard of living is improving for majority of people .
Healthcare is better than in the past .
They can live longer as they can afford high healthcare fares to maintain their health with a good condition .
In conclusion , rising life expectancy is a challenge as it results in more potential problems for future sustainable economic development .
However , it is an achievement as it is an indication that our society is progressing well and people are living in good condition .
With an ageing population , many countries are facing the same challenges as to build safety houses , facilities to cater to the old age .
After a certain age , they will have to retire .
The challenge for many ageing country will rise when no new generation could take over their place in that particular trade .
First , I will discuss with the challenge of having an ageing population such as building more facilities and hospitals that will be needed when the population started to age and jobs which have no young people taking over which can lead to economic downfall .
Secondly , I will discuss the ageing population as an achievement where they implement healthy lifestyles and good eating habits .
When people start to age , many diseases will surface up un-noticing .
Therefore , for the welfare of an ageing population , more old age hospitals will have to be built .
Land space will be limited when more hospice was built to take care of the elderly people .
With illness surfaced and an increase of ageing population , increasing amounts of nurses and doctors will have to be present .
However , not many young people are passionate about helping the society or even help the elderly .
Hence , the country will face a big challenge as to take care of the elderly .
In addition , retirement is a must in some countries .
This could cause a drastic fall in their economies as if the younger generation could not take over their work , no one will continue .
It is thus a big challenge to the country as there is no one boost their economies .
The ageing population could be an achievement as this indicates measures are being implemented to have a healthy lifestyle for the people .
The more old people the country has , the more experience they will be as most elderly people can share their old experience with the younger generation and make them not make the same mistakes as them .
This will help the country to move forward rapidly .
The more exercise or any other forms of working out can prolong the lifespan of people .
It also indicates that the food the people eat is nourishing and can decrease the amount of illness that can cause death , thus live longer .
Food can be a big part of our lives .
Eating the right amount of healthy or junk food can be a cause of having a longer or shorter lifespan .
An example would be in Korea .
It is said that kimchi can reduce the chances of having cancer and in addition , the people will have a good skin complexion .
True enough , their population is ageing but people there can live very long due to the food they are consuming .
Thus , food can play an important role in the population .
As life could be precious , an ageing population could be an advantage as well as a disadvantage in a particular country .
A balanced phenomenon should be seen in one nation .
Rising life expectancy could be seen as a good or a bad trend for others .
Therefore , every country should try to maintain both young and old generation balanced .
Studies have shown that the life span is getting longer which reflects the rise in life expectancy .
It is clear that population ageing is happening all over the world , since the current average life span is 65 and the population above the age of 60 is getting increased year after year .
This shows a rise in life expectancy , it is an achievement and it is also a challenge .
The rising life expectancy may be due to several different reasons , for example , it may be because of the improvement in the living conditions , or because of an upgrade on the cleanness of the living environment , or because of the wide arranged on nutrition that absorbed by the human , or because of the development of the medication system in the country .
No matter which reason stated above exactly dominant on the rise in life expectancy it is one of the evidence of the achievement of human nation .
It is a technology development enabling the improvement in the living conditions ; the discovering of the food and the nutrition that is more suitable and more necessary for humans to absorb ; the various medicines that can be used to cure different diseases .
Without all this technology we may need to live in the same condition like centuries ago , with a higher death rate when diseases spread around the world and the human nations have no solution .
The rise in life expectancy shown the human nation has overcome some of the challenges of the natural environment around us during the existence of so many centuries therefore it is an achievement .
However , the rise in life expectancy is also a challenge to the entire human nation .
With a population ageing problem getting more and more serious all over the world , the shortage of various kinds of resources challenge most of the country in the world .
First , food resources and medication resource is the most important to support the living human beings .
And also an over crowded modern cities also raise problems of public transportation , unevenly distributed wealth and education resource shortages also is a problem that some countries that may face in .
Although rising in life expectancy is a challenge to the entire human nation , the detailed problem each country that will encounter is different .
It is clear that problems that may face in developed and developing countries are different .
For developing countries , they might encounter more of a shortage of food resources and and the problem of how to develop better medication system to serve the entire nation , and they also face the problem of how to distribute the wealth evenly to benefit the entire population , more overs they need to consider carefully how to build the education system so that the next generation of the population will be able to carry on to raise the whole country .
For developing countries , the challenges they face mainly is an over crowded modern cities usually face the public transportation problems and also the unevenly distributed wealth which resulted in that some of the population unable to benefit from the development of the human society in terms of technology which improves the life quality .
In conclusion , the rising life expectancy could be considered both challenges and achievements .
Ageing population is a prolonged and persistent societal problem that is being frowned upon in most of the developed countries .
As the standard of living increases , the affordability of high quality healthcare services and medical technology , which has advanced over the decades , among the general public has become increasingly available .
People in the nation is likely to be well-taken care of , partly because of the various healthcare incentives and schemes provided by the respective governments .
In the following , I will take Singapore as a case study as a reference to my discussion .
Rising life expectancy could be a pro for family affairs .
There is a Chinese saying that goes , " Jia you y la , rub you I bar " .
This means , having the elderly at home is equivalent to having a gold at home .
Where every home housing the elderly , the future generations can learn and carry on their traditional and morale values .
Where filial piety and respect for the elders are highly emphasized in Chinese tradition , the children can learn to respect and interact with their grandparents of a young age and so as to their parents .
With good communication and interaction , the elderly can guide the young with valuable lessons in life .
An individual is a unit of the society , every good individual thus is a precious contribution to the society and nation 's growth .
On the other hand , the rising life expectancy can also be an indication , though not entirely , of the country 's reputation for their citizens .
A long-lived and healthy individuals were sometimes is related to a good standard of living and healthcare services that one receives .
In another words , it indicates that the national healthcare system is effective , well-managed in the government .
This gives credit to the government 's medical and healthcare scheme .
Thus , rising life expectancy can be seen as an achievement for the Government 's well-planned or managing schemes .
However , this should not be entangled with the idea that high life expectancy equates to the nation 's provision of quality healthcare benefits and living in the senior citizens .
Ageing population is often viewed negatively in the developed countries where they are economic driving .
In order to cope with an ageing population that pulled down or hinder the economic development , more physically capable and young workforce was required by the society .
If failed to fulfil this requirement , this will lead to more financial strains such as increased tax imposed on the societal or companies working groups .
This can cause more societal issues such as lower satisfaction in working groups towards the government , decreasing birth rate where people could not afford the child expenses in their upbringing and educational fees , that adds to more burden and worries about the government .
As an overall , the rising life expectancy could be considered as the pros and cons of the country .
Pro , in terms of the intangible aspects such as emotional and mental development of the future generations and contribution to the country 's wells reputation .
Con , on the other hand , in terms of tangible aspects mainly in the economic drive and desire of the nation about the sustainability of their economic position and reputation in the world .
The rise in life expectancy globally can be challenging and yet the achievement when the problems in humans could be medically disturbing .
These few problems were taking a toll on human lives over the years when they were over 60 years of age .
Most of the illness lies with mental illness , musculoskeletal pain and sight and hearing loss .
It is a challenge where this illness ca n't are easily avoided by any person in such a stressful lifestyle at any place in the world .
Medical advances which help to cure this illness is also getting better over the years which helps with the rise in life expectancy .
When a person grows old , the medical needs of the people increase over the years relative to the age of the people .
The number and types of illness also increases relative to the age too .
This is particularly seen in many parts of the world .
As the amount of stress , the types of foods mixed with chemicals and the quality of living in terms of environment is getting bad .
More variations in medical needs are required to help increase the life expectancy of any human .
More challenging also include the environment challenges that are seen over the years .
By the rate of environmental damage , we could see that the lifestyle of a normal human being has to be changed .
These changes and damage also increases the chance to contact more illnesses as we age .
Therefore the challenge is that we need to maintain or improve the state of living is a huge challenge .
The ability to eliminate the illness is considered as an achievement as this proves that the ability of the human race to research and develop a medical ability to solve and eliminate the harm that is able to take the life of a human away from an earlier age .
This ability is not seen 40 years back where the technology advances are not as good as now .
All these technology advancement also helps to improve the lives of human race in terms of improving the lifestyles , environment and medical ability .
Therefore , achieving such great fretting , in these areas being considered as an achievement where human life is then improve and extend the life of us .
Moreover , achieving a near impossible to eliminate all the illnesses such as cancer and diseases are the greatest achievement of human race .
This step needs the ability to take a long time to research to make it possible .
Much more could be done to reach the stage in extending the lifespan of human being .
In conclusion , we could see that in order to solve the challenges such as the amount of illness that could be growing over the years , the damage to our living environments and stressed that was always built in the city life .
There is always a way out where the achievement was done by the humans who use their time to help most people improve our basic needs and lives in the living and extension of our life expectancy .
Rising life expectancy could be considered both a challenge and an achievement .
We should separate it into two aspects .
The first one is that rising life expectancy could be considered as a challenge .
The second one is that rising life expectancy can also be considered an achievement .
They are not contradicted by each other .
In my opinion , the challenge interception is to make comparisons with the cross direction , which is comparing the current situation on the assumed situation .
On the other hand , the achievement perceived is to make comparisons to the wire direction , which is comparing the current situation in the historical situation in the past .
So , in the following , I will clarify these two different views of rising life expectancy .
For the first part , rising life expectancy is a challenge .
We should image that when the life expectancy is raising up ; this will mean that the average age of the population of nation wise or globally are also rising .
The number of the older people will increase to make the average life expectancy higher .
For these older people , a society need man power and all kinds of resources to provide a better life for them .
Sometimes , old need more man power and resources than normal young people .
However , these older people usually contribute less or nearly have no productivity for the society .
We have to say that the older people are becoming a black hole in the entire society in terms of man power and resources .
So the dilemma takes place when there are more people who have a higher age .
Not only has a family member of the old people , but also the government needs to spend a lot of effort to handle such situations .
This is the interpretation of challenges with rising life expectancy .
For the second part , rising life expectancy is also an achievement .
The achievement is some kind of a comparison with the history of the past .
In the ancient times , due to the less development in science and technology , people have less medicine or medical equipment and take less care for their healthy .
Hence people died of various diseases .
On the other hand , there are not sufficient materials or ways to improve people 's daily life .
People do not know how to protect their tooth to become decayed tooth .
These small things make the quality of people 's lives less enjoyable than today .
Bad moods can not give them a longer time in life .
Due to all these reasons , people die quite early , which resulted in a low life expectancy .
So , a mark of how long is the life expectancy is indicating how well people are living .
In that sense , rising life expectancy could be considered as an achievement .
From these points , we ourselves should be glad that we can live longer and enjoy a better living environment .
Besides , we should not forget the responsibility on our shoulders , the older people .
We should try our best to take care of them as if we are the ones who are old .
In such a situation , the society can develop in a harmonious and healthy way .
We just take the challenge and enjoy the achievement .
As the world is at a turning point in entering into a stage where people are constantly and notably older than before , how to make life easy , comfortable as well as healthy have been shedding light on .
Life expectancy is a figure that revealed the average lifetime and can be used as an indicator to measure up to what degree is the population ageing problem .
However , there are situations where we have to consider the rising life expectancy as a challenge and an achievement .
Rising life expectancy is a challenge to the sense that it is highly relied on development of medication .
There are a series of diseases that hinders longevity .
Cancers , as a major group to kill disease , is often beyond current medication to get fully healed .
Once cancer is too late to discover , one is deemed to death at a later stage .
Other diseases such as mental disorders and heart trouble are also top killers , the current medication does have methods to treat the patient , but risks still comes along .
Apart from diseases themselves , deficiency of medication system coverage and inefficiencies during the treatment process can also restricted to make lifespan longer .
Patients in many developing and less developed countries , especially African countries , is suffering from simple and easy-to-heal diseases such as colds and flu and probably at the end of the day it becomes an end to their lives , albeit they could have been treated well if they were in a country where medication system has been completed and doctors and nurses are standing by to cure these people .
To raise life expectancy , one of the question is how to upgrade the current medication system .
Government should help encourage the breakthrough as well as complete medication system .
Rising life expectancy is also an achievement .
Development of technology is making our lives easier and more comfortable .
Compared with the world of ancient Rome or China where almost no machines are involved , people nowadays is producing batches and batches of merchandise in factories .
Machines have replaced a bunch of coolies and heavy labour .
Cars and trucks diminish the redundancy of long time shipments .
As a result , people have more time to enjoy advantages of modern life .
One can easily travel to the other half of the globe to see beautiful scenery that one dream in his lifetime .
One can also easily see his deeply loved ones through internet from miles away .
More importantly , they can share their ideas on how to keep healthy through Internet , to make more interested people get involved and find ways to make life longer and more wonderful .
The development of technology brings people joy , make things easier and this may be one of the achievement .
In conclusion , it was delighted to observe the fact that life expectancy is rising , but one must have an idea in mind that rising life expectancy is never easy .
There are a series of problems that hinder longevity such as current medication .
But data that showed a rise in life expectancy is indeed an achievement that reveals the improvement of modern life .
As for the future , who knows ?
We are on the right track .
Probably the next breakthrough is around the corner in the near future .
In recent decades , it is a trend that people are able to live a longer life .
This is due to the improvements and breakthroughs in the realm of medication and people 's living conditions .
While it is applaudable that people achieved great success to prolong their lives , there are social challenge posted on the rising life expectancy .
Without a doubt , the rising life expectancy is definitely a success in human history as it shows the achievements of the medical industry to find out ways and medicines to treat diseases that are thought to be incurable in the past and provide people with vaccines to prevent disease .
The condition of the living environment is also improving that people are able to live for more hygienic place .
The improvements in technology also eases people 's lives by replacing all the manual labour work with easy and simple machine operative working .
Due to the three major factors stated above , people are no longer exposed to disease-breeding living environments , being able to cure their disease considered fatal last time and do not need to do much labour work .
The rising life expectancy best prove these improvements and have definitely written a new chapter in the history human civilisation .
However , as life expectancy rises , some social challenge occurred as well .
As an aging population grows , the young and more energetic people are subject to support more people in old age .
This creates a huge social burden on them and may cause some of them leave the country when the burden becomes unbearable .
This would result in the lost of manpower in the country .
Another aspect would be that as the young people feel it is hard to feed the old people with their families and themselves , they would choose not to give birth to any child in order to reduce the burdens on themselves .
This would result in decreases in birth rates in a country which is a very serious problem,especially in more developed countries as the population has already reached a minimum .
Government will be burdened by a growing ageing population as well because it needs to set aside a great amount of money to provide better welfare for the old people because they are in urgent need for it .
Less money will be left to develop the country and explore into new areas of business .
This would result in economic retardation and stagnation of the country .
After all , it might seem difficult to handle when an ageing population in the country grows , especially the developed countries with very small population .
However , when we look at the bright side of the reality , the rise in life expectancy proves great improvements in various realms and solve many problems we have in the past , there is hope that the aging population may transform into helpful force in the country in the future with the help of better technology and medications .
Life expectancy can be defined as desired level of service or better technology to make one 's life more comfortable .
People in current era is described as demanding or having high levels of life expectancy of another word .
They are expecting good medication , healthy food , and cleaner environment and so on and so forth .
However , this rising life expectancy has become a challenge and also and the achievement of the population ageing .
Percentage of elder is increasing annually according to United Nations ' projections .
In another words , there are more elders who had lower productivity and more medical problem compared to younger people in this world population .
On the other hand , people demand better quality of service and advanced technologies such as new I-Pad model .
In fact , these rising demand require a stronger work force who are active and higher productive than the past .
However , ageing population is a phenomenon opposite to it .
Ageing population led to the work force composed of large percentage of elders who are low productivity and thus unable to meet the expectancy .
The second life expectancy is increasing medical technology and sources .
Ageing population requires more medical sources since elders need more medical attention .
However , the health level with world population showed an increasing trend due to advancing medical technology and it led to exponential growth in numbers of elder worldwide .
Nevertheless , provision of more medicine and better equipment as well as more medical centres is necessary to accommodate these elders .
Another rising life expectancy is a big house with a lower price which is raising up to younger generations .
Ageing population is a consequence of increasing health levels of population .
The concurrent result is increased size of population .
When the elder lived longer , the family size actually increased rather than decreased .
In addition , the younger generation eager to start their own family to another place rather than staying together with family .
This phenomenon increases the demand for land property and subsequently affected their price and size together .
Increased size of population also led to the problem of food supply .
The production of food is showing a lower growth rate compares to population 's growth rate which will end up with insufficient food in the future .
Rising life expectancy is also the achievement of government .
People expect more from the ground in their current economy , life stability and desire .
For an example , one would like to have I-Phone 5 in the past but he or she would expect it to have more functions or operate at faster speeds after using it a while .
Thus , the rising expectancy actually reflect the increasing stability and comfort to people 's lives and indirectly reflect the ability of governments to provide people with their current comfort , economical statues , convenience and others .
Rising life expectancy is an achievement but it poses more challenges to government and people .
All have to work hard and cooperate in dealing with these challenges in the way of meeting expectancy .
Otherwise , the comfort level of life will be maintained or lower down when the time pass or people should lower their expectancy of life .
People 's average age has become longer compared with the past .
From one perspective , it shows that the medical technology has improved over the years as people now are able to treat different deceased .
From another perspective , there are more and more elder people but less younger ones , an increase in population age has weakened the labor force and so on .
In my opinion , an increase in population ageing is more a challenge than an achievement .
Firstly , the population ageing can be definitely viewed as an improvement in human culture and technology .
Compare the technology today and the past , we can see that a lot of deceased are treatable , the number of people that died because of the deceased that was not treatable decreases .
The fast development of medicines and technological products make people 's lives much healthier compared to the past .
Moreover , the increased technology helps people to overcome different natural disasters .
People are able to predicate some disasters like the earth quakes and do the prevention beforehand .
Although the increase in population ageing shows that people have increased knowledge and technology , it should be considered as a challenge more than an achievement .
The technology is always improving and it never stops , and the lifespan of people are getting longer as well .
Thus , we should not compare now in the past but we need to worried about the future problems that caused by this situation .
The first challenge is a decreasing number of new born .
As the population ageing is growing , as people get old , they need to be caring for others and are not able to contribute as the same as they were young .
If the number of old people is too much and there are lesser number of young people , it will affect the growth of the whole society as a young workers are less , the productivity and technology improvements would be less .
At the same time more people are needed to take care of the old ones , which gave the younger generation extra work .
The second challenge will be a shortage of natural resources .
As we know that populations of humans continues to growth year on year , we are using the non-recoverable natural resources in everyday life , for example , the oil , people 's lives and technology improvements are not able to continue without the usage of oil .
However , these natural resources are not renewable .
We do not consider much of our offspring .
Ever imagine one day that no natural resources are leaving what would be the life of our next generation .
The increase in population means the larger the natural resources are needed and people have to think out some ideas like to prevent using too much natural resources .
In conclusion , the increase in population ageing shows both the human technology achievements and the new challenges like lack of young generation .
We have to consider more about our future generations , aware of the problem that over age brings to us and come up with ideas to solve these challenges .
Soon after coming into the industrial age , human released a weapon and brought up a new technological era .
An improvement in engineering and medical science has been valued since humanism arises .
Studies have shown that the average life span or human is rising gradually over years , in the sense that the improvement in global technology in medicine helps humans to live longer and enjoy the world even more .
In spite of that , people should aware that the power of science is not almighty , life will still go to their last pages without revelation .
Since not all of the human being is going to be a doctor , people rely the skills of treatment by doctors and hence , they start to ignore the maintenance of their own health .
There is needless to doubt that the medical technology has enhanced day by day .
In the past , when people injured or fall into sickness , there is no guarantee that the people will get well treatment and fully recover , therefore people can easily die from infected with a small disease .
With the grand medical skills we are having nowadays , humans living longer and hence , the great increase in population .
It would be great if life expectancy keeps rising up day by day , but in reality , it does not seem to be so easy .
Firstly , although the treatment is reliable , people would still need to have an awareness of their own health condition .
There are millions of doctors all over the world , but there are billions of patients as well .
Nowadays , the pressure on the head of the company towards those employees caused that people have to be fully concentrate on their jobs and because of that , people started to ignore their health condition and relies on treatment and supplements .
Pressure could really cause sickness just like viruses and germs and it is more like a chronic disease .
It is like a key that opens up the gates of human body defends system and provide a cleared path for other diseases to attack in .
Therefore , when the era is improving itself , the disease does it too .
It is a big challenge to eliminate all the disease in the world and keeping the life span to grow as people do sick every moment .
Nevertheless , humans still need an improvement .
By comparing to the past , it is a big step forward in development of medical science .
In an era of Warring State , warriors lost their arms or legs or even all of them .
The rest of their life has to be relied on their family and the financial support from the other .
Their lives are becoming meaningless and a lot of them have chosen for suicide without giving troubled by the other .
Nowadays , things have changed .
Disabled people walking on artificial legs , man can get pregnant , even the sexual for a human can be changed just by doing simple surgery .
It is really a great achievement for enhancement of technology which should be recorded in history .
In conclusion , the reason why population ageing is increasing majority is due to a great improvement in the global medical science .
It is a challenge but also an achievement .
Population ageing is a global phenomenon that arises from both developed and developing countries .
Average life span rise to 45 years old in 1920s by over 65 years old in 2010s .
In the social science report last year , this number will further increase to 90 years old in 2080s due to the advanced medical technology and better living standards .
Population ageing means that there are more retired old people in the society and a portion of working adults is decreasing .
It may cost high social cost burden which further leads to the allocation of funds for government yearly budget .
Medical expenses , EFF and accommodation is a cost which directly involved in the old people .
It is responsibility of government to ensure the lives of old people .
Otherwise , there are more and more people staying on the streets and destroying a good view of Garden City .
In addition , it is also a challenge for governments , families and parents to educate their children about the morals of filial .
With the morals of filial , most of the children will take care of their parents after their retirement life .
It is to prevent by sending them to old folk 's house and do not visit them at all .
We also do not want to see the happening of bad things that parents were dropped by children along the street and let them die themselves .
It may be a challenge but also golden opportunity to educate their children properly to prevent the undesired outcomes .
Life expectancy rose significantly in the past to recent in the whole world .
It is the outcome of advanced medical technology , changes in lifestyle and higher living standards .
However , among the under-developed countries , developing countries and developing countries , we found that there were long life span in the developed countries follow in the developing countries and the short life span of under-developed countries .
The observations meant that the more developed the country , the longer the life span of citizens .
In the other words , it also can be said that it is an achievement to obtain an ageing population .
It is proud to have an ageing population which is hard to achieve unless there are advanced medical technology and higher living standards .
Besides that , ageing population has an important and essential things that we can not buy in cash .
There is the experience of life time .
During the work , supervisors usually asks the so called " old staff ' to lead the newbies .
It shows that significant case of the important of experience .
With the existing of experience , we can do the work more quickly without sacrificing the standard and quality .
It may lead a short way from the decisions and provide more sales and revenue for companies .
The economies of countries are boosting up and further leads to a new development and rise up our living standards .
In conclusion , there are challenges as well as achievement of the rising life expectancy which we could not exclude .
Therefore , we must encounter the challenges and be proud of the achievement to create a new life for our next generation .
In 1712 , Watt renovate the steam machines which increases the efficiency of the fuel .
This activity can be marked as the start of the first technology revolution .
As the technology develops faster and faster during 301 years , people not only enjoy more and more materials but also more and more health care which provide convenience to our daily lives .
This significantly raises people 's average life expectancy .
However , as the life expectancy of people rises , population ageing problem becomes more and more severe as a global phenomenon .
Studies have shown that the current average life span is over 65 .
Projections by the United Nations indicating that the population aged 60 or over in developed and developing countries is increasing by 2 % to 3 % annually .
As the rise in life expectancy could be interpreted as a measuring standard of the pace of technology development , it can be seen the achievement of human being .
However , as the energy and resources used up , more and more adult people without sufficient power to produce crowds on earth would aggravate the ageing problem , so the rise in life expectancy can also be seen as a challenge .
As we are humans who are different from other animals , we have some basic rights like right to privacy , right to live , right to have a family and so on .
Among these basic rights , the most important one is the right to live .
During the less developed times , due to disasters like droughts ,floods or severe contagious diseases like black death , people at that time could lose their property and lives easily since they do not have enough power to protect themselves and restore their lives in a short time .
However , as the technology develops , it increased people 's mobility and productivity so as life expectancy .
As we can use the resources for maximum efficiency , we can enjoy more and more life material than any time in human society .
Even when the disaster coming , we can restore the order of our lives in a relatively short time than before .
For example , the tsunami of Tohoku in Japan in 2011 was " a tough and the most difficult crisis in Japan in the 65 years after the end of World War II " as CNN comments .
( CNN , 2011 ) However , only one year has passed , most of the survivors have come back to their normal life although with a sad memory .
This is not imaginable during less developed times .
With a strong back support for technology , the rise in life expectancy can be seen as an achievement for the development of our human society .
However , along with the increase in life expectancy , ageing problem becomes more and more severe .
Two of the most important causes of ageing problem is the increased longevity and declining fertility .
The increased longevity was due to fast development of a society so as a living pressure .
The increased pressure will lead to the declining fertility .
As people who are incapable of production became more and more , our society follow the downward trend .
Moreover , as we used up more and more resources , what we have left may not enough for us to live with if we do not have enough human resources to do research to develop new technology .
Therefore , the increase in life expectancy is also a great challenge .
As we have mentioned above , an increase in life expectancy is an achievement as well as a challenge .
In modern world , many global issues have been appearing like global warming , concepts of earth village and population .
Nowadays , population ageing is becoming a problem especially in the developed countries .
Now in Singapore , we can feel that there are more old people than young people if you go in Chinatown .
Population ageing also has brought us the question of whether we should raise life expectancy , it is challenging also can get some achievement .
In the first place , rising life expectancy could cause resource challenges .
In some very small and developed regions and countries like Singapore and Hong Kong , if people still increases the humans ' lives , but in these small developed regions , the resources are very limited especially land .
Because the land is limited , so the average land from one person is very small already .
Some years , there is a report from Hong Kong citizens living situation , in a small room there are eight people , they could not do anything in the room , only can sleep and the air in the room is very bad .
So rising life expectancy will make the world population larger , more people should the limited resources .
In economics , we can use GDP to explain the challenge , if GDP is low , it shows that most of people are living in a hard life , life quality is bad , then it will cause the terrible society problem , at last , it will happen the society disturbance .
The reason why it will happen is because people have violated the natural regulation .
On the other hand , rising life expectancy could bring some achievement .
People 's life quality has been good now , in order to continue improving , people have begun to consider how to raise their lives .
Because the life and health is most significant , people have their own reasons to hope live longer .
On medicine , people have done a lot of research for life sciences .
Also people begin to realize the importance of the environment , how to protect people from the harmful air .
So according to the humanism , people should make contributions to rise a human life , because people should consider the feelings if one day when you are becoming older and older , so respect life should be considered carefully .
In addition , now there appears a contradiction if rising life expectancy , it will lead a resource problem .
However , based on the humanism , humans are different from the animals , people should respect every life .
In my opinion , I think we should study balance it well , one side we should continue to make efforts to raise the human life , one side , we should consider using asking some sick old man whether if they want to take euthanasia .
To summary , we respect every life , also helps people to live longer .
In conclusion , what I have mentioned above , although global aging issues have become more serious about human development , if we can balance and understand why we live .
Then try to invent new energy and legitimately control population birth rate , then developed a medical treatment and pay enough attention , we have reason to trust , population aging will not be problem at all .
Population ageing : A more and more attention-getting topic
Nowadays , population age has become a more global phenomenon .
Subsequently , a lot of problems regarding to it are arising .
Due the rise of the life span and the shrinking of the birth rate , the portion of the elderly portion is larger and larger .
As our society develops , the people have a much higher living standards , which will reduce the chances of getting disease .
Besides , as the development of the technology , the medical therapy also has a tremendous progress .
Many diseases which are incurable in the past can be cured now .
Therefore , the patient will have a big chance to be cured and survive .
Both of the two reasons will decrease the number of dying people annually .
On the other hand , the birth rate in many countries keep decreasing , whose figure is the lowest recorded compared to previous figures .
Maybe , it is because the modern society is becoming more and more competitive , the parents are paying much attention and importance of their careers .
They do not want to bother to spend so much time to raise and nurture children .
Maybe that 's one reason for the reducing of the birth rate .
The fact is that the current average life span is over 65 and the population aged 60 or over in developed and developing countries is increasing by 2 % to 3 % annually .
This survey evidently shows that big achievement has been made in the medical area and people 's living standard has been improved .
It also indicates that the economy has been dramatically grow .
Yet , do not be confused by this superficial amount and achievement .
The issue facing us is more challenging and tricky .
First , if the older people increased , there will be fewer workforce that can support the society .
However , ageing population will also increase many kinds of other expenditure .
The most important part is health care and old-age pension .
As elderly people , they need more money for health care than the young .
Government should also make a big amount of pension expenditures .
Secondly , for the older people , more facilities and services for them should be provided .
So more manpower will be employed , which deduced the labours of other areas .
Of course , more money will be spent .
To pay this extra money , governments will exert higher taxes on the other people .
Thirdly , compared to the young people , the security of the elderly are more notable .
Elderly people 's ability to move and act is much lower .
They will be more vulnerable to being hurt or get some injured .
Therefore , some measurements and education in this should be taken by the government and the surrounding people to ensure the security of the old people .
To conclude , the population ageing phenomenon indeed shows our big achievement for economy , medical skills and living standards .
Nonetheless , the issues it brings out are more worthy to be considered .
More elderly people will bring a big extra burden on the society and government .
More facilities and services will be needed to fulfill these requirements .
Definitely , we should perform these demanding duties very responsibly and carefully .
Whereas , in the sustainable development of the country and the earth , some measurements and policies should be carried out of control and change this phenomenon .
Rising life expectancy is an achievement because it is the evidence of progress of modern medical technology and meanwhile it is a challenge because it could incur a problem for lacking work force or too large population .
It is natural that rising life expectancy is regarded as an achievement .
The goal of every species of living things are reproduced by increasing the quantity of this species .
Humankind is not an exception .
People with rising life expectancy can ensure large populations and large species of human being .
It is more secure for us because of potential sense we think about longer life expectancy it is harder for people to die out .
Rising life expectancy is also the evidence of progress of modern medical technology .
For ancient people it is miraculous to achieve 70 years old , but now it is general .
Rising life expectancy can bring us more skilled work force because we can delay the retirement time to extend working time for each person .
Longer working period meant the old people who are more skilled does not need to retire and no fresh men will take over .
Thus it is more efficient to keep more skilled people for long time rather than training fresh men .
Rising life expectancy could be a challenge .
There are two possibilities .
On one hand , if there is less young people and more old people , lacking work force problem will arise .
On the other hand , if there are enough young people , then young people with rising life expectancy would cause large population .
We talk about the first possibility .
If there is less young people and more old people , as in both Singapore and China , when elderly retired , there are not enough young people who can make up for the new available positions .
Thus there would be a lack of labor force , which will lead the decreasing speed of development in the country .
Many factories would be deserted and many companies will go bankruptcy , and thus people 's life conditions will definitely get worse .
The past 30-year rapid development of China is connected to a large population , but due to the " only child " policy , we have no benefit to large populations in the future .
With low birth rate , Singapore is bringing in foreigners to maintain the population to maintain the efficiency and development of the country .
If there are more young people , then there will be even more elderly with rising life expectancy in the future definitely .
Population is large while the resources are limited , which will incur many problems such as environmental problems and inequality among people .
Expansion of population could not continue like that because the resources are limited , and we will end with died out after using up all resources .
To sum up , with rising life expectancy , there exist both achievements and challenges .
It is the progress of human being that we control the world and maintain our population with longer life expectancy , but it also has potential crisis of either nation or a human being .
We can either step back to maintain the population of some method , or step forward in search of more resources in outer space .
Population ageing is a phenomenon observed exclusively for advanced civilizations.It requires at least three conditions to happen : advanced health care system , reduce hazards on the environment and the ubiquitous good will for senior citizens .
However , when it happens , it is hard to deny that it brings problems such as increased expenses and reduced labor to the society .
If a country can bear the ageing population , it is the thing that the country can be proud of .
In the first place , it must have grasped advanced health care system .
Ageing problem is in essence the problem of worsening bodies .
With increasing age , people become more prone to disease and injury , and more difficult to recover .
Without advanced health care system , ages people have higher rates of death .
In fact , this is a major limitation on people 's average life span in the past .
With advanced medical technology , not only many diseases can be cured , but also people know how to keep themselves healthy .
If developed health care system is increasing the positive side , it would be also helpful to reduce the negative side , which include reducing the hazard on the environment .
Health caring by far has been expensive to carry out .
If the environment is too dangerous to live in , there would be not sufficient medical resources for usage .
Such environmental hazards come in various aspects .
A major source of the hazard is the pollution .
A place in heavily polluted air and water is by no means a good habitat and would bring a lot of health problems of its residents , among which aging people and children will be harmed most .
Only if the city is safe and comfortable can people live a longer and happier life .
If the above two aspects are described as the hardware of the system , they do require a software to function , which is the ubiquitous good will for senior citizens .
When people become old , most of them joined the weakest group of citizens who have to live to receive care from other people .
If the society has the most advanced medical science and the best environment , but did not grant the access to them to its senior citizens , it just does not help .
And if people in society do not want to care for their elderly , nothing will be done to them .
Only when there is a ubiquitous good will for senior citizens can an ageing people live well , and that is the thing to be proud of .
With the glory , there comes problems .
To take care of old people , facilities such as nursing homes should be built , which added on at the expense of society .
An even larger share of the old people expense lies with the health care .
In addition , old people is weakening in many aspects , thus they are usually not considered as labor .
When the percentage of old people growing larger in the population , the labor is considered to become less and each labored need to pay more for the welfare of the old people .
In summary , the rising average life span is both a challenge and an achievement because it means an increase of the load and the advances in society , including at least advanced advanced health care system , reduce hazards on the environment and the ubiquitous good will for senior citizens , at the same time .
" The weak are meat and the strong eating it " does not apply nowadays .
The advanced technology save lots of lives which should never come to this world or should pass away .
For people , this is an achievement , but by nature , it changed its rules and cycle , which is a big challenge faced by human being .
If anyone has ever read any fiction or stories written before the 18th century , it is very hard to find any character in those stories live longer than 80 years old .
They may die of hunger , died from illness or just go to bed as usual but never woke again .
In China , there is a famous saying that there are things should be celebrated , one was red and one was white .
Here , red thing means marriage and white means someone passes away .
The first time when I read this saying I am confused why someone passes away is a good thing that people should celebrate and later I was told that in past , it is hard to live longer than 60 years old and even though you are very lucky to live longer than 60 years old , you will suffer a lot of illness or the sadness in your young relative pass away , so people think it is worth celebrating since they will not suffer any longer .
It is very hard to understand such a feeling as people feel in the past .
Now , technology and science developed at an unbelievably fast pace .
There are lots of illnesses that are thought incurable in the past vanished in the world .
Even though people with cancer , which is still hard to cure , now has more chance to survive and have a longer time to live .
Besides illness , an improvement in technology generates more food both in quantity and for quality .
In the same time , it also frees a great amount of labor .
Now people not only can have food to survive but also enjoy high-level food and even pursuing a tasty and luxury one .
It is a break-through in technology and science , and an outstanding achievement of human wisdom .
Making use of our smart brain to improve our quality of life and give us more time to enjoy a life , it sounds like perfect , but we must face to the reality -- there is no utopia .
Before people find another planet to live , the earth is the only habitat for us , and hence the limits of its capacity to support living , it is a limit on the quantity of people that can live .
People 's lifetime rises meant that the time of the cycle of generation rises .
Furthermore , thanks to the development of technology , that the birth rate is increasing while the death rate is decreasing accelerates population ageing and increased .
To our disappointment , now the technology is not so advanced that it can generate all human beings to use limited resources .
Moreover , the global population age means that the total amount and quality of labor is decreasing .
Before robots can fully replace labor , a decrease of generating power indicate less creativity and less goods available for us to use .
It is such a challenge that human being could not avoid and must solve .
The only way is to develop technology but the chances of developing is based on people 's wisdom and creativity , which is decreasing due to population aging .
The world is always fair to us .
While we are celebrating with a break-through in our way of Utopia , we are suffering faces of a new challenge .
We could not give up what we achieved in the past and follow the natural way die and reborn .
Therefore , the only way available to us to destroy such a balance is accelerating the progress of development so to increase the capacity of our planet .
As for the world is becoming more and more advanced , people are leading a more and more comfortable life .
Moreover , the life expectancy have also been raised due to the developing of the economy .
However , while we are enjoying the fruits carry is the development of the economy , we are also facing a global problem --- population ageing .
There is no doubt that this problem has become more and more serious which have gradually influence the tendency of the population as well as the source allocation .
Therefore , the rising life expectancy could be considered both a challenge and an achievement .
On one side , we could not deny that it is a great achievement for the rising life expectancy .
The reason why the life expectancy has aroused is that we are becoming more and more clever due to the evolution , and we are becoming richer and richer due to the knowledge we have learned .
Since that we get richer , we have more money to use to live a more comfortable life .
Therefore , because of the great efforts we have made , we have been living a better life .
And that is what we are striving for .
So the rising life expectancy could be regarded as a proof of what we have made in combat for ourselves .
On the other side , we have to say that obvious problems that we are facing is also caused by a rise in life expectancy .
Since that we have a good living circumstances and high living quality , we are leading a longer life .
This seems to be a gratifying progress in the first sight .
However , during the process of making development of our lives , we decided to reduce the rapid growth in population by adopting a measure of control birth so that the shortage of sourcing allocation can also be slowed down .
This also works and we have also seen the effect .
Then there came a problem .
Because that the birth rate is reducing while the death rate was also reduced , the percentage of the elderly is increasing while that of the youth is decreasing .
So the population is getting more and more aging .
But the primary labor force as well as the work force is on the youth .
That is to say , the population ages has aggravated the burden of the society .
Then we can see that the rising life expectancy can also be viewed as a challenge for us to face .
Taken together , we should say that the rise in life expectancy is two sided .
It has shown that we are leading a better life but we are forced to face the problem to solve population ages .
However , an achievement that we have made is far more than the problems caused by the challenge .
The significance of our existence is to lead a meaningful life and combat for the development of our world .
There is no absolute perfect way , so we have done a good job on the road .
Therefore , we need to continue with our striving as try our best to reduce the adverse impact that was carrying .
Rising life expectancy is an achievement because it clearly demonstrates that overall quality of life is increasing in both developed and developing countries .
However , it is also a challenge because it strains both society and the environment .
It is well-known statistics that , generally , as the country develops a life expectancy increases .
This is the result of better quality of life ; which is basically sufficient food and clean water , better sanitation and advanced health-care .
With sufficient food , children will develop properly into adults .
Better sanitation will result in fewer deaths from infection and significantly reduce the spread of diseases and viruses .
Advance healthcare is also a major factor in prolonging the individual 's existence on earth .
Examples of how advanced health in the city has raised life expectancy is such as antibiotics , the cure of poliomyelitis , and better and cleaner surgical procedures .
All of these are human achievements in their own rights that have resulted in rising life expectancy , and hence they also illustrate why rising expectancy could be considered an achievement .
It is remarkable that population aged 60 and over is increasing by 2 % to 3 % annually in developing countries as well .
It is highly plausible that the result of increases are the same as the developed countries .
If that is true , it means that human rights and living standards are increasing in developing countries , albeit slowly .
Fewer famines , better sanitation and more access to healthcare in developing countries will be this century 's greatest achievement as a global society .
However , an aging population is taxed on the country .
Although life expectancy may increase significantly , the population overall productivity may not increased linearly .
They will end up putting the burden of a society that they have been contributing their whole working career .
With falling birth rates , there will be fewer working adults in society to distribute the workload .
In addition , an aging population will require more healthcare and treatment because one 's constitution weakened as one ages .
The challenge is how many lives could the society and community afforded to sustain ; and it will only become increasingly difficult to handle .
Rising expectancy is also an environmental challenge because a better quality of life requires a lot of energy .
More food , clean water , better sanitation , and healthcare consumed large quantities of energy .
An example is the modern method of intense farming .
Large quantities of energy is needed for the pesticides , and by harvesting and transporting the food produced around the globe .
If the current quality of life has to be sustained or increased in order to keep increasing the life expectancy , it will be continue to have a huge impact on the environment .
The challenge will be increasing the quality of life while being environmentally sustainable .
The rising life expectancy could be considered an achievement and a challenge because it is a by-product of rising quality of life ; bringing along its glory and its dirty little secret .
At the present time , people are more concerned about their health .
There are better health care system to let people check their physical condition regularly , and more and more people choosing organic foods and eat balanced diet to make them healthier .
As a result , the current average life span is over 65 worldwide now .
By projections of the United Nations , it is showing that population aged more than 60 were increased by 2 % to 3 % in the developed and developing countries respectively .
The rising life expectancy is a big achievement of human beings .
However , as there are only limited space and resources on earth , rising life expectancy is also a challenge for all the people worldwide .
Rising life expectancy is a technology achievements .
Back in the ancient days , when human beings firstly appear in the earth , the average life expectancy is only less than 20 .
The reasons are mainly due to the threat of fierce animals like tigers and lions , the lack of food , the lack of hygiene knowledge , and also very importantly , the lack of medicine .
With the development of society , in the past thousands of years , the technology is progressing and a concern for health is arising , so that higher life expectancy is achieved .
With more advanced technology in medicine area , more and more diseases can be cured so that much more deaths were avoided .
Since people get higher education today , increasing amounts of people switch from fast food with organic food and have a balanced diet so that their chances of getting cancer is lower .
Such situations are a major progress in the ancient times and also a big achievement for all human beings .
However , since the space and resources on earth is very limited , higher life expectancy means more people will live on the earth at the same time and more fierce competition for food and space is unavoidable .
Since there are more people on the earth , more space is needed for people to live in , so that some farming land might be turned into buildings to accommodate more people .
However , the need for food is also increasing , so that the competition may become even more frightening .
What 's worse , since people are unsatisfied with the amount of space and food they had , violence might take place more frequently .
Many violence happened in Middle East is just due to the fight for food and water resources .
With more people living in the earth , pollution may become even serious , and as a result of pollution , the supply of food and water will decrease , so that a negative loop will occur and the problem becomes even harder to solve .
In a word , a rise in life expectancy is both an achievement and a challenge for the whole human beings .
The advanced technology has helped us to live longer , but the limited resources on earth is also a big challenge .
We should do our best to cooperate with each other and live in the same earth in harmony .
With the development of a modern society , people lives longer .
Statistics show that worldwide , the average life expectancy at birth is 66.57 year in 2009 according to CIA World Factbook 2009 .
In the developed countries like Japan and Switzerland , the life expectancy could be as high as more than 80 .
Normally , people will regard the extended life expectation as an achievement , and usually use such data as a measure of the development of the country .
However , as the population is ageing , the challenges such as increased medical costs and shortage of workforce are also realized .
In a nut shell , rising life expectancy could be considered both the achievements and the challenge .
Indeed , thanks to improved living standards and medical care , countless people 's lives were extended .
No doubt life is the most precious treasure in human beings .
Without life , we have nothing .
In the long history of the evolution , we were always struggling for life against staving and illness .
In last two centuries , we humans have made the greatest achievements in developing our society .
We are modernizing and we have gained improved living standards and medical care .
We are no longer bothered by starving and common illnesses .
In the ancient times , the residents may only live for 30 years ; but now , the life expectancy could be 80s in many countries .
With a doubled life time , humans could have changed to explore the real meaning of life .
There is a Chinese saying that there is nothing more valuable than to save the man 's life .
Hence , the rising life expectancy no doubt can be considered as a great achievement .
On the other hand , the aging of populations can also be a challenge to the society .
When people grow old , they will be weak and get sick easily .
That is the natural laws which nobody can violate .
Hence , when the ratio of the seniors whose age is above 60 reached some certain point , the challenge of the society could not be neglected anymore .
First , the medical costs will rise greatly .
If an individual or family is to pay the bills , they could be bankrupt because of illness .
If the medical costs are covered by the government budget , the deficit will be a heavy burden affected the normal operation of the government .
Second , the shortage of workforce can also endanger the development of the society .
Japan society is now facing severe ageing problem , and the path of development is seriously slowed .
There has been a report estimated that in the year 2060 , only half of the population in Japan are suitable for work .
The same situation is happening around the world .
Obviously , rising life expectancy should also be considered as a serious challenge .
To conclude , the rising life expectancy must be considered both the achievements and the challenge .
To extend our life is not only a symbol of our achievements in developing our society , but also the fulfillment of our original dream .
At the same time , we also need to consider the negative effects brought about an ageing population , and then find proper measures to counter the challenge .
The population ageing is now a heated expression of individuals ' lives .
These two words can be seen in various media and assessment of this social trend is in great numbers .
When mention of the population ageing , media always consider it as a social problem .
It is deniable that population ageing can cause a lot of problems , but in the same time , it is also a symbol of improvement .
Therefore , population ageing should be considered both a challenge and an achievement .
Following is a more specific explanation .
The rising average life expectancy can surely cause some problems .
Firstly , the aging population is generally at low productivity .
It is a natural rule that when people grow older , their bodies will be less flexible and brain will operate slower , so they will contribute less to the society .
In addition , elderly people are using same or even more amount of social resources , as they need more medical support and human help caused by their weak physical status .
Furthermore , to make living , many senior citizens went back to work field .
It will also induce many problems .
For example , these senior citizens may do the work less efficient and which will lead to a low effective output .
To make him or her more competitive so that not being beaten by a young , old people usually accept lower compensation or bonuses .
This may lead to a younger 's lower employment rates and opportunities and thus they have to live with huge pressure and low living standards to reduce the daily cost .
Besides , the elderly of less salary also have to lower their living standards ; both the consequences can cause a decrease in social happiness levels and drive the whole society on to a less stable situation .
There are also some older people live a rich life of their deposits and retirement compensation .
They can live a happy life , but actually to the society as a whole , it is a waste of social resources .
Also , a growing percentage of older people will cause the maintenance of many traditional thought and mindsets which may become a resistance to the positive social change .
Above all , the population aging will be a great challenge for the world with it drags the development of a society .
However , the growing life expectancy also means the achievements of the human society .
Actually , living a longer life needs a lot of conditions to realize .
There are many factors which will result in the deaths of people , such as natural disasters , accidents , diseases or suicide .
Long life span of the individual himself is a great achievement which indicates he or she is brave enough to face a life full of problems .
For the whole society , rising life expectancy is a symbol of more advanced science and technology especially in the medical field , better social environment and a safer world .
Therefore , humans need to appreciate a longer life spans and consider it as an achievement .
Every coin has two sides .
The rising life expectancy is like a two sided sword in the modern world .
It can cause many problems but it also means a lot of the human beings .
What we can do now is to try hard to solve the problem and in the same time appreciating its great meaning .
Rising life expectancy , not only an achievement , but also a challenge
According to recent research , population ageing is a global phenomenon and the current average life span is over 65 .
The rise in life expectancy is not only an achievement , but also a great challenge .
Obviously , rising by life expectancy is a mark of our achievements in terms of hospitalized technology , insurance condition , culture development , and our social system , which showed an improvement in people 's life quality .
Thanks to the development of technology and society , some deadly diseases in the past been curable now , and people are more aware of how to take care of our bodies .
This is a great achievement made by a generation .
At the same time , it is also a great challenge .
With a population ageing and an increasing portion of the old people , we are facing lots of problems now .
For individuals , since people 's life expectancy are becoming longer , there will be more trouble for them to take care of themselves , especially for those who live alone or had diseases and are poor .
For example , it becomes hard for them to earn their livings ; they may feel lonely especially if their spouses die ; they may suffer from all kinds of diseases .
And they may not get as much attention to their families as before .
For families , certainly , the burden of young people are becoming heavier .
In China , lots of families only have one child .
That means when a child growing up , they need to take care of both parents .
One family at least should take care of four old people .
For a few groups of families , there are even up to eight old people since their grandparents are also live with them .
Besides financial burdens , they may also need to spend more energy to take care of them .
These may be too much for these young parents as they still need to look after their own children .
For society , when a group of old people became larger and less people can work for the society , this society may lack of labour .
And at the same time , these old people take up a large portion of resources and budge in this society .
To some degree , it would delay the economic development in the world .
Besides , society needs to figure out more policies to secure old people 's lives .
Also , the population ageing called for a higher standard of medical treatments and technology , high levels of civilizations in our lives .
If our spiritual aspect of civilization could not match our material aspect , old people will have a tough twilight years .
Now population ageing is a trend .
It is an achievement in our society , but it is also a great challenge called us to face the new situation .
Population ageing seems to be an achievement when it first happened .
In the old times , people could easily lose their lives due to hunger , disease , government , war or something else .
After the country was just founded , some immature policies led to a nationwide hunger .
Millions of people could not find food to eat and ended up eating all the trees and grass which could be seen .
There are everywhere wandering people trying to find food .
Some people even eat their own dead children .
There is a saying which says that hunger can bring people back to animals .
Infectious disease is also a life killer .
Not long from now SARS , as blurry as it is , attacking people all around the world .
Since no one knew about this disease before , it spread around the whole world before humans take action .
The spreading speed is so fast that plenty of people dying before knowing about it .
An atmosphere of deaths covers the whole world .
The expression of desperation could be seen everywhere .
The war killed a lot of people , which is not doubtful .
After going through a WW1 and WW2 , the population of the earth gets much fewer .
No matter because the technology was not developed enough or because there are wars and battles one after another , people just do n't live a long life .
Hence , as technology especially in the medical field continues to get developed and updated , people do n't risk their lives anymore .
People are happy to see that they can finally live a long life without sacrificing their blood in battle and with more and more perfect medical insurance .
The medical equipment and staff are getting more and more today .
Although some countries in Africa and Southeast Asia still faced a lack of medical insurance , the world at all is getting better in the field .
With modern machine and growing methods , humans do n't need to worry about the amount of food anymore .
All the achievements humans make influenced the lifespan of people .
That is why population ageing can be seen as an achievement .
Population ageing is not all of the good side of the society though .
As a society develops , people gradually found that population ageing brings us many problems .
With more and more people not working at all and receive an allowance from the government , the society 's balance is broken .
It is difficult to keep economy function well .
Times change , people change .
Many young people do n't view things like their parents used to do .
Many young people choose not to have kids or have fewer kids than before .
This problem is very common in developing countries .
With more perfect system in the old and more modern equipment , population ageing always comes first .
The government is seeking solutions to solve this problem .
For example , they encourage people to have more children by awarding them .
They pull up the age to retire .
No matter what measures they take , the population ageing still remains a serious problem and that is where the challenge lies .
