In modern digital world , electronic products are widely used in daily lives such as smart phones , computers and etc .
In work places , electronic devices such as computers are also inevitable to use to increase the productivity of the corporation .
The convenience and high efficiency of using electronic products is being noticed by people worldwide .
Some people started to think if electronic products can be further operated by more advanced utilization and replace human beings for better performances .
Surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) is one type of examples that has currently being implemented .
In this essay , I will discuss that if surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should be used or not to track people .
Personally , I agree to a large extent that surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people .
Surveillance technology such as RFID can be operated twenty-four hours of the absence of operators to track does every detail about human activities .
For instance , in military which are in high importance , surveillance technology is essential as it is a way to provide undeniable evidence if anything is fault .
In supermarkets where it is difficult to catch steamers , surveillance technology which makes records that can be replayed or detect steals in the spot is superior to use .
The high accuracy of utilizing surveillance technology eliminates the amount of disagreements among people .
If people are aware of the existence of surveillance , the chance for them to follow rules and orders is high .
It is useful as it reduces the chances of wrong doing that may occur .
Therefore , surveillance technology makes our society more orders .
Risks can be analyzed if there is a record of what was happening in the past .
In late nineteenth century , there was a severe air crash happening in Miami international airport .
The air cargo of the Valujet plane was on fire after the plane had taken off .
Sooner or later , the electric systems were short circuit as a result that the airplane was out of control and nose diving to the ground with extremely high speed .
All passengers and pilots were dying .
After finding and analyzing the black box of the Valujet after the incidence , police investigators found out reasons for causing this severe incidence .
Surveillance technology can be used to detect very risky events and prevent its happening in the future , hence to save more lives .
In addition , if surveillance technology is even better developed , it can be used to detect the problem before the real accidence has happened .
However , the dark side of using surveillance technology is that it resulted in the invasion of privacy .
People under supervision are under high pressure to perform naturally .
People are less likely to enjoy life under surveillance .
Therefore , surveillance technology provides convenience of the society but makes more inconvenience to individuals .
Therefore , surveillance technology can be used but the use of surveillance should be modified at such a way that individuals are less affected by normal life .
In general , surveillance technology benefits the society and should be applied for the consideration of individuals ' life .
I do not agree on this argument that surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
In this fast moving society , technology is always improving to catch up the fast pace of this world and most surveillance technology is used by the police or other army usage to track people down .
Although the surveillance technology is an issue of invading the human privacy , it has also brought us lots of benefits and security .
There are two points supporting this argument .
Firstly , security systems are improved in many areas such as school campus or at the workplace .
Secondly , it makes it possible for parents to track their children and also their elderly parents .
Therefore , this technology should be used to track people .
Many of this surveillance are being implemented in the government sectors , military areas to enhance their security .
It can also be found in schools and workplaces .
It is useful to the government and the people in the law sector .
They can maintain social control and recognize threats .
Video surveillance gives people a sense of security should anything happen .
In addition , it can provide all day surveillance around the school or office with little manpower needed .
For example , intruders can be detected if there are any of schools or offices .
This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation in particularly for the small children who are studying in nursery .
In addition , it can also prevent theft .
This technology can also be a helpful tool to assist the law enforcers such as the police to collect evidence of crime after it occurred .
This can increase the efficiency of solving the crime and thus decreasing the amount of criminal acts or people .
With the help of the video surveillance , the chances of people performing crimes can be decreased .
However , video surveillance may be a help to most sectors , it can also be misused by many people .
Some may use it to peek or record something illegal .
For example , it could be installed in personal lockers to record other 's moves and actions .
This technology could also be seen as invasion of human 's privacy .
Surveillance technology could cause everyone to feel paranoid and as if our actions are being watched .
This could lead to psychological implications and thus causing many tremendous social effects that may be harmful to our society .
If everyone is being watched unknowingly , it seems that our freedom of doing things are being invaded .
Technology can be a very useful tool if being used in the correct manner .
It may be a help to prevent potential crimes from happening but also help people do crime .
The knowledge of installing surveillance should be taught to everyone so that crimes can be eliminated instead of increasing it .
The more people using it over us , the more power they will have to us .
We should respect that everyone has human rights and without other 's permission , this should not be placed or implanted to anyone .
We do not want to be sued infringing other 's privacy , therefore , before implanting any RFID , we should ask for other 's consent .
Surveillance technology is getting more and more widely used to the development of modern technology in terms of various scientific breakthroughs .
And after all this scientific research results were applied to daily life , products such as RFID tracking system has become real .
Rfid is not only used to track products for logistical and storage purposes , it is also used to track people to do human implants .
It is unacceptable for some people in the society , however , I think this application is necessary and provides the society a lot of benefit .
Surveillance technology such as RFID has been used to track people may help to reduce the number of people who get lost .
For example , there are always news on newspaper , reported that some elderly get lost at certain place and their families are looking for him or her .
The family members must be worrying a lot of the lost elderly , and with the help of police office , maybe they can find the elderly back , but it will take a long time , and a lot of energy to find someone in the country has a population of five million without knowing the exact location of that person .
However , if the elderly has been implanted with RFID devices , then it will be much easier for the family to find him or her with the special serial number issued to each device differently .
They can track the location of the device with the information provided by the RFID signals ; therefore find the location of the lost elderly in a shorter period of time .
Surveillance technology such as RFID is not only useful to track the lost people but also useful to prevent the trading of children which happens in many developing countries .
It may be known that young children may be stolen by some agency that doing the business to trade the children .
For example , they may wait in the public area and wait for parents to bring their children out but did n't pay attention to the child , so that this kind of agency may bring the child to mountain area and sell him or her with a good price .
Since this is happening more often in the country which is much larger than Singapore , it is even harder or maybe it is impossible for the parents to find the child back without knowing where the child has been brought to .
Since this may happen across province , and without any clue about the path that the child may go through .
However , if the child has been installed in tracking device , more information will be provided along the way when the family is trying to find him or her back .
Not only the details of location will be provided , but also may lead to find out the root of this kind of children trading agency and it helps to prevent more this kind of tragedy to happen on any family .
Surveillance technology will help to prevent the family to loss their members especially the elderly and the children which need to be paid more attention to .
As the technology increasingly advanced , many of things that are regarded as impossible are turning into the 'possibles' .
From internet , email to the most powerful surveillance technology , every step is advancement of not only the society but also the world 's achievements .
People 's lives become of increasingly convenient to almost luxury , thanks to the implementation of increasingly technology available for the man 's life .
However , such rapid advancement technology though can be extremely useful to our daily life ; it can also cause the invisible or massive threat to our peaceful living that can be out of our imaginations and estimations .
Today , the surveillance technology has become almost manifest to wherever we go .
Take Singapore for example , these are installed in highly secured places such as government sectors to work places , from condominiums in housing development board houses , and even from school canteens to toilets !
Even our applications in our Iphones or other smartphones , our I-pad can easily revealed our locations .
Every move of us are being closely surveilled and followed once we stepped out of homes .
Now , surveillance technology such as RFID is even invented to track people .
I agree to a great extent that RFID technology should not be easily available for the public and taken for granted .
On the other hand , I will also discuss the RFID should be utilized for good purposes .
I agree that RFID technology should not be made available to the public for easy abuse and distorted usage .
First , our privacy is at threat .
Though tracking devices such as the applications in our smartphones these days can add fun and entertainment to our fast-living paced living , this can be a double-edged sword .
We reveal our locations , for our friends to catch up with us , however we can never know who is watching us out there secretly .
Hackers become increasingly vicious , invading into our computer system , now with radio-frequency tracking device , this may fall into inappropriate hands of the wrong reasons .
Every move of us are easily tracked .
This is very hazardous .
No matter how good and how many security systems are there for us , the hackers are also increasingly improving their skills in terms of hacking and breaking the code of the security system .
On the other hand , I think RFID can be useful when comes to appropriate handling and usage .
For example , this can be a very beneficial and useful device for police force to track crime suspects and terrorists for their movements , or contributing to more leads to solve the case .
Additionally , if appropriately used , this device can contributed to our scientific findings and research .
In this , I mean that we can input this device implanted into an animal or bird species , for us to track their movements and actions relating to our human research that can bring us to a new regime .
Rfid is indeed a great invention .
It can benefit our mankind if appropriately used .
However , I think such powerful device should not be made easily available for the public or fall into the hands of 'ill-intentioned ' individuals .
This will lead to more crimes and bring threats to our privacy .
Rfid is used in many forms for example , transportation , homes and even offices .
Over these years , it had help humans to improve the accessibility in the form of cards to gain access to certain places .
Other than using it on these areas , it is also been used as human implant or as a form of products .
These implants and products are also been used as surveillance tools .
For use as a surveillance tool , it could also be used in terms of surveys and statistics .
There are also medical tools that are more to implant into the human body for the basic medical research .
Moreover , the use of RFID chip in tracking clothes were also very common sight in the service industry for the huge number of clothing to be identified and tracked the location of it at any one point .
When RFID had been used in the transportation needs to the form of ez-link cards , the ability to gain faster and easier access to the transportation needs had been seen over the years .
This from also can be used as a tracking device where the places a person visited by the past few trips were all recorded by the system and the cards .
This form of tracking is not harmful and disturbing to the society as it could be used to fight crime to maintain law and order .
As this information is being well keep in the operators where they encrypt the data and used it in the proper form .
This also prevents the chances of normal hackers to get this information that were recorded for proper usage is misused for unlawful usage .
Moreover , the use of the RFID for medical research is also been widely used in many countries .
These chips were also implanted under the human skin where it also helps to store the basic information about the person in it .
This form of tools does not harm but it helps in the ability to identify any person who is not carrying any identification when comes to emergency .
This important information may be needed to save the person life where their medical history was all recorded in the chip .
Additionally , the service industry is also using it to track its clothes that were being used by their employees .
This is a scene saw in Resort World Sentosa .
The clothes were all implanted with an RFID tracking chip for easy identification and recording of the whereabouts the clothes is at .
As their clothes were mass collected and washed by an external company , the ability to have a tracking system to know the whereabouts of their clothing helps in terms of the logistical hassle .
Therefore , the usage of RFID chips were more useful to help the human in the basic needs or task that is required .
This form of tracking is also not harmful to any person where they much of these information is all used for helping a person then disrupt the lives of human race .
Therefore I agree that the use of the RFID technology in tracking any person or product that would help the human race which also been mentioned above .
I think that surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) can be used to track people .
Nowadays , with the rapid development of science and technology , the emerging technologies always contribute to human being better living conditions .
For example , the Internet has abridging the distance among people globally .
Although we have to admit some bad effect which is brought up by the new technology , still the advantages of the new technologies could not be simply discarded .
Back to the surveillance technology , people may say it leaking their privacy or personal life .
Compared to this disadvantage , we should think about what the advantages it has made available for human beings .
It can provide a safe , convenient , identifiable environment .
Tracking people using surveillance technology can make better security of people 's life .
For the old people , if they are alone at home , one day , they want to go out for a walk .
In case , they have some accident like heart attack , the track of them will show there is something wrong .
The people can get there as soon as possible to save them .
For the young people , parents do not need to worry about where my kids will go after the school .
By investigating the track of the surveillance technology , they can easily figure out where are their kids now and know roughly what they are doing .
On the other hand , due to the track of people , the police can better know a person 's daily schedule .
It gives the police a better control of the criminal .
All these contributions by using the surveillance technology to track make the environment safer .
Tracking people using surveillance technology can make people 's life more convenient and identifiable .
Nowadays , people need to carry a lot of ID cards around to show that I am the one the same as the one of the ID cards .
If we have these technologies , it will automatically confirm people 's indemnification and save the effort to carry a lot of cards .
Once people have their own identity confirmed , they can even need not to bring any money along with them .
To purchase goods , they just need to deduce money from their identity and make a transition of money to the one who is selling the goods .
Based on an identifiable environment , a lot of convention way or style of human life can be changed .
For the privacy concerns , if the technology can be made to adjust to human being 's feeling , it will be more welcome .
For example , if the one who carry an identifiable sensor does not want any other to know his or her location , he or she can disable the track .
Then , you may ask , how can the police get the information ?
I think that the track can be saved in some places which is not open to public .
Once it is very severe , the records will be popping out of official use .
As you can see , there are quite a lot of advantages of using the surveillance technology to track people .
In short , it can provide a safe , convenient , identifiable environment for human beings .
Besides , we can try to reduce the bad effect caused by the new technology .
Thus , I strongly agree that surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) can be used to track people .
I do not agree with the above statement .
In my opinion , surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people though there do exist many problems if it prevails .
This can help to regulate people 's behavior , control crime and prevent terrorism , and set up demographic data .
Rfid , despite the fact that it may be considered as privacy infringement , is different from video surveillance .
Unlike video surveillance , RIFT can only reflect the location and movements of the person with tags .
Without sent back any images or sound recording , RFID is more user-friendly and helps prevent user 's privacy at the best it can .
Firstly , RFID is a useful tool to help to regulate human or animal behavior .
The tags can be used to those who need to be taken care or the beloved ones , such as a child whose parents are always concerned about his whereabouts when parents are not together with him , or maybe a lovely dog whose owners fear of lost her .
In the first case , RFID can be used to help parents to surveillance their children so that they can make sure if they are at school or playing around at his friends ' home , and this may help parents regulate their children 's behavior .
Secondly , RFID can be used to control crime and prevent terrorism .
Everyday crimes are happening in time to time , and help to keep low criminal rate can be a combo of ethical , physiological and social problems .
Rfid can be one of the trivial ways to help dispel criminal or terroristic thoughts .
Police can put tags on those that have potential intention to commit crime .
Thus , when a man with a 'terrorism tag ' entering the junction or a plaza full of people police should notice this and observe the man 's behavior as well as checking his package to prevent him to explode TNT .
Apart from preventing crime and terrorism , RFID can also be used as the evidence or alibis to help infer whether the suspect is the criminal or not .
What is more , RFID can be used to help collect demographic data .
If RFID is used to everyone and running for years , surveillance centre will have a complete set of statistics data showing the movement of people from city of city , in town of town , which city is expanding more than people thought , which city is becoming less attractive .
Statisticians can use these data to build up appropriate models to predict the future needs for each city so that local governments know where and when to build more infrastructure , what kind of infrastructure and what other development should be made .
Economics can take advantage of these figures to predict the economic trend of local as well as the whole country .
As for transportation , roads and traffic authorities can easily identify where traffic jams are and advise drivers to change to suggest routes .
In all , RFID should be applied to facilitate governors to better manage the world that we are living .
It can help regulate behavior , prevent crime and set up demographic data base for various uses .
But before the application , governments need to secure safety of RFID after implantation and make sure there will not be any ID theft .
More importantly , governments should make sure only the right people can get access to these data and they must guarantee that they will not misuse or abuse the information .
As technology becomes more advanced nowadays , people are very exposed to the various types of technology in their daily lives .
It is undeniable that technology has made ours lives and work easier and more efficient .
However , when surveillance technology starts to violet the privacy of people instead of being used in a more beneficial way towards people , it is my opinion , that , such technology should rethink its way of existence .
In fact , people are getting more exposed in public through the fast development of the virtual world-the internet .
Social networks such as Facebook ,Tiwtter and many others often reveal the true identities and some confidential information about the users without being realised .
This already raised up a problem of privacy leakage .
The surveillance technology deteriorates the problem with stalking on people 's privacy openly which may arouse anger and unhappiness among people .
Such incidents happened in London a few years ago , when the government installed CCTV ( ) on several streets in order to better supervise its people to keep the social order .
This was supposed to be applauded by the public because it allows fast searching for people who violated the law and caused harm to others .
Instead , when news of the installment of such device was released on the newspaper , it was heavily criticised by the public .
People were claiming the lost to privacy .
Government had to uninstall all the devices in the end .
From this case , we can clearly concluded that surveillance technology may be helpful in some way , however , when it touches the privacy of people themselves , it is unacceptable .
From the point of humanity , it is inhumane to use such technology on human beings .
We often put tags on products and animals because we treat them as good , it is easy to trade when they are all labels and tagged .
However , human beings are not animals or any other products , they have their own thoughts and freedom .
They have a full control of their own lives .
If so , then why do we need human implants to trace their activities and lives when they are free to do things that they like .
It is understandable that once people have human implants , they may start to behave themselves because they can be easily traced out .
However , this way of curbing the crime is so violent that will only cause people to rebel and think of ways to escape the track of such device .
After all there will be an endless battle between the technology and human mentality .
Humanity can be best seen in the case of pet rearing .
Pets are supposed to be chained when they are out on the streets .
However , in countries like China , where there is no law to force people to chain their pets , pets are usually left unchained and run freely on the streets .
It may be dangerous as some pets are rather fierce and aggressive , however , it is the benevolence nature of human beings that we treat pets as " human beings " , our friends that we do not want to restrict their freedom .
This phenomenon is accepted by the public even by those who do not own a pet .
This shows that even though there is a risk of causing harm to someone , people still prefers to bear the risk and allow their pets to have maximum freedom .
Even pets are granted to freedom , people themselves certainly treat freedom as something essential .
In conclusion , I think that surveillance technology should not be allowed to be used to track people .
It does not only restrict their freedom of all aspects , but also causes leakage of personal information .
This greatly violet the rights of people .
Technology advancement is extremely fast nowadays .
Surveillance technology is one of the main concerns of military and national defense sectors .
Example of this technology is RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) which has been proposed to track people through various means such as human implants or RFID tags on people .
However , this proposal has led to fierce argument in the world over its pros and cons .
I personally stand together with the population who reject the proposal .
First of all , everyone in the world belongs to themselves who does not belong to anyone from my personal perspective .
Human rights were raised up pretty frequently in the world over the past few years .
Approval of RFID tracking will be seen as a violation of human rights and people will lose their most basic freedoms .
Would not it similar to criminals in prison but in a bigger confined space ?
Secondly , the tracking proposal will raise a safety issue .
The chip identifier technology can be reproduced by anyone .
It represents a query : is not everyone can view each other 's information such as name and age ?
The leakage of these confidential information can be a sensitive issue of personal , violation of freedom and breakdown of safety .
One of the example is the storage of bank account number of the tracking chip .
Criminal could identify it easily by getting a small identifier anywhere and everywhere if the tracking proposal is approved .
He or she could easily touch on the designated bank account since password cracking is an easy task for most hackers .
Other than that , safety issue can be extended to personal safety .
Everyone knows the internet and data transmission are very common and accessible at any time and point such as Facebook .
However , people tend to express their personal feelings and ideas about sensitive issues on the internet unintentionally .
This action could actually generate aggressive feeling of others and violent movement could be launched onto the one of the aid of tracking tag or implant .
Internet can be a convenient source to achieve the name and basic information about personal if it was hacked and the tracking proposal will facilitate the finding of designated person .
In addition , the national defense will be endangered if this tracking proposal was launched .
The technology is based on the chip implants or tag .
However , the chip implants can be retrieved out easily and replanted onto other people and so on the tag .
Mischief case could actually cause the chaos on the checkpoint tracking record and a more serious issue if people do it ill-intentionally .
For example , a wanted people can escape out easily from the country and hide in another country with this method .
This tracking proposal creates a loophole in the net of justice rather than its original purpose .
In a nutshell , surveillance technology may provide a lot of convenience if being used appropriately .
However , it is fairly fragile which can be counter-used by criminals at current level .
I would stand against the idea of tracking individuals given its vulnerability of technology at present .
Nowadays , the improved human technology online is able to track different location for different people .
For instance , face book as the well known social media platform has the ability of tracking someone 's location .
However , in some opinions , these auto-tracking service break the rule of privacy .
Some people do not want to be tracked as they feel it is not safe .
In my opinion , the developed surveillance technology can be used to track people and objects only if the track people agree to receive this service .
There exist various advantages of using the surveillance technology .
The first example will be to track your personal items and prevented from losing it .
We all know that there is an application by phone calls where is my phone .
It basically served to allocate your iPhone 's position at any single time , for instance , if someone left his phone in a certain place , he can check his phone 's location of searching through the internet using another phone that has the same application if you are connected with your friends ' device .
You are able to find the location of your lost phone by asking your friends as all the shared devices are able to see the location of each other .
Another good example of using tracking technology will be to find a way to the place that someone has never been there before .
For example , one person wants to visit his friends place in a new city .
His friend is able to upload his location due to this advanced technology .
Then , the person is able to use GPS or other auto-tracking device to find the place even he has never going to there before .
The radio-frequency devices can be used to old people whose memory is not as good as young people as well .
For instance , when people getting old , they begin to loss their memory and sometimes they may not remember their way to home or other place .
If the old people always bring an auto-tracking device , it is much easier for the young people to find them and it helps to guard the safety of the old people .
Although the auto-tracking device is quite powerful , it still has to be used to volunteer base .
Without the agreement , people should not able to use this technology to track others .
For example , if the tracking technology is able to track everyone even strangers , this means your location at anytime is viewable to every single person online .
These kind of situation will cause crime as thieves may auto track you and you are not able to run out of them .
Therefore , we must agree with the statement before the technology is able to track us .
At the same time , our location should be protected from seen by the strangers .
All the conditions must be agreed to the person that agrees auto-tracking device to track him like , the time of tracking and who can view your location .
In conclusion , the advanced technology gives people convenience to find their items and their safety .
At the same time , people must protect their privacy without sharing their place to strangers .
Overall , the benefit of these technologies overweight its problems occur if people use it wisely .
The increase in population of the country makes the government taking more difficulties of registered the members of each individual family and hence other factors existed as an obstacle to country development .
By following the trend of improvement in technology , people can now easily tracked by using RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) by simply implant a RFID tags on human body .
With this advantage , it will be easier for people to locate his friend or his family when they lost contact or in an urgent and also for police to investigate crimes .
By taking an example of any country , there are crimes everyday and it is obvious to see that not all the culprits had been arrested and being punished .
There are kidnapped everywhere and not all of the family can afford the ransom that acquired by kidnappers .
In that case , they would have no choice but to seek to the power of loyal police .
The detective will start investigating the first criminal scene and brainstorm for all the possibilities .
Reality kills people in mind .
There is only 10 % of all the time to successfully pinpointed the kidnappers den and arrested all of them before they started to harm the poor victim .
In that sense , without a proper way to track human being , it is way too difficult to save those innocent life .
Also , not only the kidnappers and the victims need to be tracked down , but also jailbreak .
Few years ago , there was a jailbreak named Mat Selamat , one of the members of the terrorists of Obama , successfully escaped under the monitoring of a couple of cops in Singapore .
That was a rare case since Singapore is actually an absolutely safe country .
According to news , the police force had mobilized thousands of cops , each of them prepared on duty and patrol in an allocated places all over the country and after few months , none of them was able to find Mat Selamat and rearrested him .
People fell into panic when they knew that they had lost the harmony and peace in their country and the government had no choice but keep claiming that their country is still in safety mode .
If RFID comes into existence , this kind of cases can be totally avoided in no time .
Beside , if RFID is supposed to be used by the public , everyone will be able to locate their friends and also their dear family .
Nowadays , people use the all-purpose smart phone for communicating .
With the power of internet , there is nothing impossible to find a friend in afternoon tea .
In spite of that , smart phone is still a device that need to be recharged its battery or else it will be just like a rigid object .
Imagine when people camping in forest or hills , they will just lost all of the internet signal and also a risk that their phones running out of batteries .
In that case , if they get lost or lose contact , they will be considered as the lost and eventually , they will not survive .
With the help of RFID , if there is an urgent that people crying for help , they would be saved .
In conclusion , RFID benefited people more than bringing harmful side effects of human body to consider for human safety .
Nowadays , technology is more advanced than the past time .
In the past , people only can find each other and communicate face to face .
After the invention of phone and internet , there are more ways to use to communicate with people and even track people .
In this mean time , surveillance technology is found which means that we are able to track people at every time in everywhere .
Definitely , there are point of view that agree the technology but also the voices of objection .
Thus , let 's us discuss the pros and cons now to give you a clear minds of surveillance technology .
Initially , surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) is implanted into the body of animals .
It functions to track the path of animals and help in scientific research .
Besides that , many animals which just be released from the protection of human for a long time are implanted the RFID as well to track their new life to ensure whether they could survive in the wild life .
This technology are encouraged by some of the public that to implant the RFID into prisoners ' body .
The initial function is good indeed that to track the movement of them to protect the public safety and interest if they are out of prison .
However , some of the non-governmental organizations show their point of view that object and resist implanting the RFID into prisoners ' body .
Their opinions are found on the basic human rights .
Prisoners ' privacy is endangered due to the RFID .
After they release from the prison , the movement of their whole life is controlled and known by the government .
They feel stressful under the control of government and it may lead to the way that we do not desire and imagine .
Furthermore , some of parents hold a positive views on surveillance technology and agree to implant the RFID into their children 's body .
Their opinion is based on the child safety protection and parents ' guardian .
Children can be easily found if they are lost or abducted by other people .
However , there are both sides of stories .
This technology leads to a problem which is same with the prisoner issue that is the human privacy .
Children are given birth of their parents ; parents are responsible to take good care of them .
Although the initial function of implementation of RFID is good for the children , however children also have the human rights and privacy which is endanger under this technology .
Besides tags into human body , there is also the issue of implant into products .
Recently , many of cell phones are equipped with GPS which means that they can find the device 's location if it is lost .
It is also the advance of surveillance technology .
Children can easily be tracked based on the location of cell phone by parents .
Compared to the human implant , tags on the products is better and more suitable .
Under the product tags , children are given a significant free space as compared to the congested control of human implant .
Parents also can ensure the safety of children as well as do not endanger their privacy .
It is the way that can " using one stone to kill two birds " .
In conclusion , based on the advantages and disadvantages discussed , I agree that surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
However , to a certain extent , I agree to implant RFID tags on products to protect the safety of children .
As world pace becomes faster and faster , the need for maximum efficiency becomes stronger and stronger in every field .
To know where a certain items locates becomes one of the way to improve efficiency .
For example , UPS can track the process of each delivery .
With the information about the location of the cargo , it is much easier to prevent unexpected loss and come up with more efficient plans to save the energy and resources of the company .
Rfid is one of the advanced technology for tracking .
Due to the small size of the equipment and the energy-saving features , it becomes more and more popular in industries and logistics .
However , it is not a reasonable idea to use RFID to track people of human implants or RFID tags on daily products like watching or clothes , it did provide convenience in a certain situations .
The biggest difference between human and animals or any other objects is that we have self-esteem or we need the basic respect for our peers .
One of the basic rights of human is the right for privacy .
In any period of time , as long as we do not offensive others , we should enjoy the right of privacy .
However , the idea of using RFID to track people violates our need for privacy .
Since RFID tags attached to the product can remain functional for a long period of time , it could be misused for surveillance purposes which are not related to the industry production or supply activities .
For example , a consumer buys a product with RFID from a supermarket .
As the RFID is embedded within the product , people who have the access to the information definitely can track him .
However , the consumer may not be aware of the function of the tag , so this action could reveal the sensitive information about the consumers like home address , working address to someone who is not authorized to get the information .
If this piece of information is misused , chances are high that the consumer would suffer losses like financial loss or even cause danger to the life of the consumer .
Moreover , if the product is what one needs to use every day like clothes or shoes , then the location of one will be revealed every second .
This is just like there is an invisible stalker behind you .
It is not only scary but also illegal .
Although someone would say the information is secured very well and will not be released or misused by any purpose , it is still not appropriate .
We can think about this scenario : the location of us going on daily life will be sent to a computer to be processed and store every second .
Does this sound reasonable to you ?
As what we have mentioned above , as human being , we should enjoy our privacy during our life as long as we do not cause harm to others .
However , RFID will violate our right of privacy during our shopping activity .
Therefore , RFID should not be used to track people no matter through human implants or tags on products .
Does the society need surveillance or not ?
With the developing of modern society , more and more new technology appears and people 's life quality rise because of the new inventions .
Some good examples such as the Internet , computers and satellites are now quite common for humans ' normal life ; however , some problems also emerged , with a concern of the loss of the privacy of civilians .
In the modern society privacy is a hot topic in peoples ' mind .
Even if the safety is the most important thing to consider to normal life , many people still want to keep their privacy in spite of existing some potential danger .
The contradiction of the safety and the privacy could not be reconciled perfectly .
With the installed in the surveillance for every corner of Singapore , people 's life has a safe securities , and criminals are deterred by these electrical instruments .
A report shows that the crime rate in Singapore is the lowest in the world .
This is because of two reasons , one is the strict law in Singapore , and the other is the dense surveillance everywhere .
During the year 2003 , surveillance strategies helped Singapore beat the SARS and successfully prevented the spreading of the epidemic situation .
At that time , Singapore government adopted the method to install surveillance in every patient 's home to look after their actions .
Much media has reported an effective measures of installing the surveillance in Singapore .
Without the use of the surveillance , the epidemic situation could not be controlled strictly , and the loss caused by SARS might be many times than that in 2003 in Singapore .
The benefits of the surveillance are obvious in the fighting of SARS , and this is a success example of the surveillance .
Every coin has its two sides .
In one way the surveillance help government guards civilians ' property and life , in the other way the surveillance makes people feel uncomfortable under the 24 hours ' monitoring .
In the novel 1984 , written by George Orwell , author imagines a world in which people are being watched by the big brother when they do everything .
Every words people say can be heard by the government and because of that , government knows well for everyone 's mind and want to wash everyone 's mind and control normal people totally .
It is a country without any freedom and democracy in the novel .
In the reality , people are afraid to be tracking everywhere , not because of meaning of crime , but the spirit of freedom and privacy is in everyone 's heart .
When a husband is talking a sweet sentence for his wife , none of the couple want it to be heard by the people behind the monitors .
Normal people 's privacy needs government seriously considered for .
People need a safe environment to live in , and also needs a private environment to stay independent .
The surveillance is a useful method to keep society 's safe , but also killed the privacy of people in some degree .
The best way to solve the contradiction is to educate people well and make them live an affluent life , and then the surveillance is no more needed .
At that time , even if there is no surveillance above people 's head , there are surveillance for everyone 's heart and criminals are more difficult to hide .
Nowadays , humans live in a modern society .
Around people , there are full of high technology like CVS , automatically sorting system for goods and different information systems .
In order to bring more benefit and ensure people 's safety , surveillance technology has been utilized in many aspects of fields like to Us and DHL , these express delivery companies use surveillance technology to track their goods .
It is convenient for customs to track and confirm where and how their goods are now .
However , besides tracking goods for people , people begin to use this technology to track people .
I do not agree this kind of behavior , because humans are different from goods , could not treat humans as good .
There is no a doubt , tracking system has brought many benefits in this information age .
No matter where people go , taking buses or ART , people are under the CCTV , it is very important and useful to track and find people .
Actually , tracking system has provided people safety indemnification .
However , tracking people are difficult and different from goods .
For instance , a company has over two hundred employees scattered over different locations in Singapore , and is currently keeping tracking of working hours and overtime payments through the use of a punch card system-a system which can be open to abuses such as an employee punching the card for another .
Goods are dead , but humans are alive .
If one company really uses this technology to track their employees , employees will dislike and claim that their humans ' right and privacy have been violated .
In another a word , people will feel that the boss or the company treats them like good , because modern people need more homage not money .
So , when employees began to conflict with this tracking system , they will find some ways to escape the tracking system like asking friends to help them to punch the cards .
Finally , the company tracking system has no meaning of all , therefore tracking system is very terrible measure to control people .
In addition , tracking people system may be used by bad people in the wrong way .
How to explain this problem , it means that people are not sure who are in charge of these tracking system .
For example , people go somewhere , no matter took buses , MOT or driving , they are under the CCTV .
If some bad people want to track someone for their personal purposes , by hackers technology , they can use government tracking system to do their own business .
In other words , government originally hoped to use tracking system to ensure citizen safety , now it has been divulged human information .
It is very dangerous for society , because people do not know who are tracking them , it must bring citizens trepidation .
In conclusion , what I have mentioned above , we have to agree , tracking system has many benefits in different parts of human life especially in this modern world .
But tracking people are very terrible choice , it sounds like people invented a 'prison ' to jail themselves , people need homage and freedom .
Also tracking people are very dangerous if it has been controlled by bad men in a not good purpose .
So surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
Surveillance technology : A prospering technology
Radio-frequency identification is a technology which uses a wireless non-contact system to scan and transfer the data from a tag attached to people or products with radio-frequency electromagnetic field .
After this , it can automatically get the identification and tracking .
Nowadays , this technology has been used in many kinds of fields , such as transportation and logistics , transportation payment , product tracking and inventory systems , some institutions and so on .
More interestingly , this technology is being used in human identification , even planting the chip into human body .
This fact becomes very controversial among people and the possibility of personal information released without knowing also brings the public 's concern .
In some fields , surveillance technology did have brought us tremendous benefit and advantage .
Logistics and transportation are major areas of utilization of RFID technology .
In the transportation , almost all of the people have transport cards for daily transport .
Since we do not to bring cash to pay for the transportation fee , enormous time has been saved for everybody .
For the society , there will be a more efficient transportation system .
For the logistics , if all the products are attached to the tags , it is much easier to count and record all the products .
This will make the logistics process more effective and also prevent the occurrence of product lost because of the tracking .
Since the inventory management is very important for some kind of companies , this technology is playing a very significant role .
The super markets are also using this technology to tag their product , which can record the condition of all of the products in time and prevent of stealing .
When checking out , the price tag will be scanned to get the total payment very quickly .
This will save the customers time and also improve the profit of the market .
The library also use this technology to identify the membership of the people entering , which ensures the security and a member itself will also conserve their information made in this library .
Both the library and museums apply this technology to avoid some belongings were taken out illegally .
In some kindergartens , the RFID is used to tab the children to keep a record of their attendance and whereabouts .
On the condition that the kindergarten students are very young and they do not have a very sound self-conscious , this system can prevent them to lose .
All of all , the RFID system is used to catch the information about the object and track .
This function can be used in many aspects .
By RFID , the customer who is potential to buy a very expensive luxury will be less reluctant to consider what if it lost , because the RFID can help them get it back .
This will inversely improve the sale of the shop .
Although in many respects , this technology can be used in positive and evidently beneficial ways , in some areas it is so controversial .
The most controversial part may be the human identification .
It probably can be divided into several types .
The first type is just say the ID card which is carried externally by the person .
By using this card , our identities can be confirmed and the information in a certain institutions can be kept .
However , this will raise a privacy protection issue .
How can it is guaranteed that our information will not be abused ?
Maybe this part can be resolved by using another technology .
For example , the ID card can be implanted into a switch which can be controlled by the owner .
When not using it , just switch off the card , then it will be just a useless paper .
Another human identification is implanting RFID chips into human body .
For this part , not only the privacy problem is concerned , but the human health .
Does the implant chip definitely safe and feasible ?
Will it affect the normal functionality of the other organs ?
All of these problems are waiting to be resolved .
In solution , surveillance technology has been used in a much broader area .
Some have been widely accepted by the public but some are not .
Actually , this technology is very useful and should be definitely go to be used .
What should be concerned is how it can be applied in the right area in the right way .
If there are some controversy , how it can be improved .
Only if it was made use in a wise and sensible approach and be adjusted and refined very profoundly , can it brings us the maximize benefits .
Surveillance technology should be used to track people .
The technology is necessary because it can provide evidence of crime investigation and social issues and decrease the illegal actions effectively .
Firstly , surveillance technology is useful in crime investigation and public issues .
It can provide an objective view of what happened .
It recorded the history which nobody can deny .
In crime investigation , the truth of evidence is necessary , which can only be made by photos , videos or small tracks .
In supermarkets monitor is needed because we have to track thieves .
In front of ATM we need monitoring to avoid intentional crime .
We need CCTV in every public corner to track suspicious .
Only in this way can we get evidence of bad movement to protect others .
The objective truth in CCTV is helpful and efficient in crime investigation , better than asking witnesses again and again to identify who is a liar .
Secondly , surveillance technology can decrease the illegal actions effectively .
Imagine there are no CCTV in public .
People will act as if there is no supervision .
No evidence is recorded .
Cheating can be very popular in examination and stealing will seldom incurring punishment .
In a Chinese kindergarten , Children were always abused by a teacher but no one else knows that .
Children told their parents .
Some parents were too busy to take care of children while other parents did not believe what children said .
The headmaster did not know how the teacher really is and she did not fire her even when some children were afraid of entering the teacher 's class .
After so many children were abused , people came to know the truth .
Shadow was made on children 's heart and there is nothing we can do to make up for it .
Now people suggest that every classroom in every kindergarten should have a monitor , otherwise the teachers ' action could not be supervised .
If there had been a monitor in the classroom , maybe parents and headmaster could realize earlier how severe and how bad the truth is and children could get protection earlier .
People may say that surveillance technology will be abused intentionally by authorized people .
It really happened in China .
In a car accident related to an official 's relative , the record was modified at a new record .
The person in the record had been changed with another one before it was released on the public .
The modification was so obvious that people can easily recognize .
In China , things like that will happen because the legal system is not sound enough .
Power is concentrated in a few people .
The problem of abuse of surveillance is only the problem of abuse of power .
Avoiding corruption and separate power is more important than forbidding surveillance technology .
In conclusion , surveillance technology is necessary in many public places in my opinion because we need it in crime investigation and social issues .
There is a truth that we can not deny which is that surveillance technology can provide a sense of safety because sometimes machine is more honest than people .
We have to admit that how to prevent the abuse and how to use it reasonably depend on a sound legal system , and it means surveillance has its own restrictions .
Surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) has been made possible to track people by implanting certain markers of people or products .
This is more than convenient for the authority to take better control of the society down to every individual .
However , with respect of civil rights and privacy , surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should not be used to track people .
In the first place , every civilized person more or less disliked the idea that he or she is being close watch every second .
By law , citizens have the right to keep their privacy unknown to public , whereas the privacy would be exposed if such surveillance technology is applied widely .
Many pupils in China have been complaining about their phones , because of the phone at hand , their lives are all transparent to their parents .
Such technology would put people into the same circumstances as those pupils where the government plays the role of parents trying to find out whatever people are doing every second .
If pupils feel uncomfortable being watched by parents , citizens definitely are unhappy being watched by the big brother .
Close surveillance is not only a problem of bad feelings , but also a problem of the health of the society .
Some people may claim that it is good for security as when every one is under tracking , those potential criminals also be .
By logic it seems perfectly right .
However , whether the behavior is a crime is dependent on the authority .
When the authority treats liberty as a crime , the society becomes terrible .
It has been doubted that whether a society that is under close surveillance will be a good one to live in .
